WAD: 1monster
MAP: MAP04: Imptech Rampage
Time: 9:28.23
Added Engine: prboom-plus v2.5.0.2 (complevel 9)
Category: UV-Tyson
Recorded on: July 4, 2013

First of all, happy 4th of July everybody! Today is the day to celebrate
American independence with fireworks! I think noting this history is very
important.

As for the run, well... I can see why nobody else put up a tyson demo for
this map. It's quite tricky, despite the map only containing imps, AND you
get a chainsaw and green armor near the beginning. I honestly don't think
this would be possible unassisted without both the chainsaw and the armor.
Either that, or a tyson would take like 30 minutes to complete. However,
because of the fortunate case that there are BOTH a chainsaw and armor,
I was able to do this just under 9:30. This is a table filler. It just
seemed wrong for this map not to have a tyson. :)

The real problem here is health. You want to save it from the beginning if
you can, since you only get a few medikits throughout the entirety of this
long map. That is mostly the reason that this run (though you need skill)
is pretty luck-based. Also imps' movements factor into luck.

I tried to play as fast as I could, but low health often forced me to slow
down and take hordes of imps more carefully with the chainsaw.

I think that 2 minutes can easily be shaved off my time with better play,
more luck, and better imp cooperation (even more luck). Also, it would be
helpful not to miss that one switch and then get confused by it herp derp.

This is just my first exit for a couple weeks' worth of trying this. It's
the first time I survived past that imp horde near the switch that opens
the exit. This map has a curse on tyson, I think. :) Good luck to whoever
tries to improve this, and you probably will.

BTW there are two secrets to this map. The first one is a green armor,
EXTREMELY useful for tyson. The second one only contains a plasma rifle,
so I didn't open it.

Enjoy!

--Doomdaniel95