Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://www.doomworld.com/sda/doom_sda.htm

Pwad:      ftp://mancubus.net/pub/idgames/levels/doom2/megawads/1monster.zip
           (or replace "mancubus.net" with your idgames/ mirror of choice)
Pwad name: 1 Monster Megawad
Maps:      05 ("Infested" by Liberation and Macro11_1)
Skill:     4
Category:  Speed
Exe:       Boom 2.02

Time:      1:52

Author:    Eric "The Green Herring" Baker
Email:     eabaker@san.rr.com
HP:        http://disasterlabs.com/thegreenherring/

Comments:  
1 Monster is a megawad released in October 2007 with maps that revolve around a
specific theme: They all have one monster only.  Developed in a single thread
on Doomworld over the span of 22 months, it was intended to be 32 maps, but in
the end, they settled for 25.  I haven't played through the whole thing yet, but
the first five maps (the ones I /did/ play) seemed pretty nice.  Early demo
activity on this wad, however, was rather dry.  A max demo on MAP18 by Kristian
Ronge (where has he been, anyway,) a max demo on MAP02 by evocalvin, a Tyson
demo on MAP06 by Gusta... and that was it.  Lately, however, a poster named
"justanotherfool" (no way!) did an improved max demo on MAP02, as well as max
demos for MAP01 and MAP04.  After that, the latter two received improved demos
by, of all people, /Death-Destiny,/ who I knew more as a level designer than a
speedrunner.  Kind of like how Never Again knew me more as a speedrunner than a
level designer, until he found out I did some maps in Community Chest 3.  This
recent demo activity inspired me to go back to this WAD and do a demo on it.  I
decided to do a UV speed demo on MAP05, the only map in the WAD with pinkies.

Much to my chagrin, the early parts of this level rely on luck, as you don't have
anything that can flatten a bull emon in one hit until you get to the first
outdoor section, and therefore have to fit through small spaces to get around
them.  Just before you get to that part, you find a passage containing a berserk
pack.  When you run in to grab it, you're lowered to a group of Demons, who you
then must punch out.  However, as seen in this demo, it's possible to skip this
sequence entirely while still getting the pack, although it requires both
strafe50, and a bit of luck so that the two pinkies around you don't block you.
Once you're out of there, luck is no longer involved!  You get the super shotgun,
and now you're set to plow through any Demons in your way without worry.

As you approach the next switch, there are supposed to be a bunch of pinkies
pouring into the area from conveyor belts... except that all but one group of
them are blocked from coming in on account of the barrels placed just below the
openings, for id Software did not program proper Z-clipping for actors.  This
is undoubtedly the result of the mappers testing this map in ZDoom, where all
actors have proper Z-clipping, but neglecting to test it in other ports.  I
pointed out this design flaw in the 1 Monster thread when I found it in the
public beta that was available, but apparently, they never got around to fixing
it.  At least it gives me the leisure of gathering shells!  The bug isn't so
noticeable in this demo, but if you're playing this demo in a port with walkcam,
you can see this for yourself by watching the openings here while in walkcam
mode.

Once you enter the next teleport, you will be placed near a room with a switch
and the red keycard.  Shortly after you fully step into the room, demons will
teleport in and surround you.  If you're quick enough at hitting the switch and
getting the key, however, you can exit the room while the pinkies teleport behind
you, thereby preventing them from blocking you.  All's well up to when you enter
the red cavern.  I blast the barrels from a safe distance with the super shotgun
just before grabbing the berserk pack, and then punch out the next few demons to
reach the next switch.  I proceed to plow down everything in my way with a super
shotgun, up till I exit the cave.

Once I'm in the final building, I dodge pigs, hit a switch, dodge pigs again, and
exit.  However, if you played this level before watching this demo, you may
notice something's rather off.  Specifically, no enemies teleport in the entire
time, while normally, you'd have to fight off a massive army of pinkies with the
assistance of a few crushers.  Why is this?  Because the mass teleport that
brings them in will /only/ happen if you fire a shot at any time past the three
metal bars.  Go pacifist for this part of the level, and you'll just have a few
demons to evade.  Also, because all of those barrels are arranged close together
in a neat line, and the exit is east, you can do a thingrun over to the exit
room.  Neat, huh?

My first recorded time on this was 2:25.  About half an hour later, I got 2:02.
Then I got 2:00 seven minutes afterward, and got it /again/ three minutes after
/that./  Then I took a breather, got 1:56 after fourteen minutes, and started
writing this text file.  About two hours in, I decided to have another go... and
managed to get 1:52 in a demo that looks nice to me.  Cool!  Hopefully, someone
will do a UV max demo on this level -- that is, if I don't do it!

Prior to recording Doom demos, I did some usermap speedruns for Duke Nukem 3D.
Video versions can be seen on my YouTube channel at
http://youtube.com/profile?user=TheGreenHerring, and I hope to have a
"Speedruns" section up on my website in the near future.

- Eric "The Green Herring" Baker -
- eabaker@san.rr.com -
- May 28, 2008 -