Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://www.doomworld.com/sda/doom_sda.htm

Pwad:      ftp://mancubus.net/pub/idgames/levels/doom2/megawads/1monster.zip
           (or replace "mancubus.net" with your idgames/ mirror of choice)
Pwad name: 1 Monster Megawad
Maps:      05 ("Infested" by Liberation and Macro11_1)
Skill:     4
Category:  Speed
Exe:       Boom 2.02

Time:      1:39

Author:    Eric "The Green Herring" Baker
Email:     eabaker@san.rr.com
HP:        http://disasterlabs.com/thegreenherring/

Comments:  
Sometime after I recorded my 1m05-152 demo, Death-Destiny did an improvement
on it, finishing it in 1:47.  It featured two very useful things to know.
First, if you shut the first door behind you after going through it, no monster
teleporting will occur in the red key room when you get there.  The monsters
to be warped in will only wake up if you fire a shot inside the red key room,
or at any spot where noise can carry into that room.  This includes the first
room, as the red key room has a window looking into it.  Closing the door into
the first hallway behind you will prevent noise from being carried into the
first room, and thus the red key room, preventing the Demons from warping in.
Doing this will save on ammo and time, as you won't have to blow away anyone to
get to the red door.  Secondly, I made a rather massive oversight in my earlier
demo: Not only is the second berserk not needed, but grabbing it is what causes
the Demon army to be let out in the first place!  Leaving it alone saves a lot
of time and ammo, as you can go on your merry way without anyone blocking you.

However, his demo begins with him blowing the pinkies up with barrels.  While
this undeniably looks cool and doesn't require so much luck to do, it's slower
than my own luck-based method, which is to barge right past them.  Thus, when I
decided to improve my demo after seeing it, I was forced to revisit the eroding
of my patience that my previous demo caused.  He also doesn't use my strafe50
jump at the first berserk pack, which I use in this demo.  Eventually, after
at least two hours of work, I successfully got this exit, which is 8 seconds
faster.  After a few more tries, I decided not to improve any further, content
in the fact that I got a sub-1:40 time.  The end result is similar to my earlier
demo, but with Death-Destiny's improvements added to the mix.  Thanks, man!

Prior to recording Doom demos, I did some usermap speedruns for Duke Nukem 3D.
Video versions can be seen on my YouTube channel at
http://youtube.com/profile?user=TheGreenHerring, and I hope to have a
"Speedruns" section up on my website in the near future.

- Eric "The Green Herring" Baker -
- eabaker@san.rr.com -
- May 31, 2008 -

P.S. I forgot to mention in the textfile for my earlier demo that I love the
music in this level.  I just wish I knew where it was from!