Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://doomedsda.us/

Pwad:      http://youfailit.net/pub/idgames/levels/doom/0-9/1fiffy3.zip
Pwad name: REoL TOUGH: The Under Arms 5-star hotel [by George Fiffy]
Maps:      E2M1
Skill:     4
Category:  Max
Exe:       Doom.exe v1.9 (Ultimate Doom)

Time:      6:35

Author:    Eric "The Green Herring" Baker
Email:     eabaker@san.rr.com
HP:        http://disasterlabs.com/thegreenherring/
YouTube:   http://youtube.com/user/TheGreenHerring

Comments:  
More Fiffy action, this time in an infernal... uh, hotel.  As if to telegraph
that this is a George Fiffy level, you start on a road with four shotguns,
four backpacks, and thirty shell boxes.  Oh, dear.  If you're being careful,
taking out all the monsters on the first floor, including the two barons in
the elevators, is ridiculously easy, albeit tedious, with all the ammo you
have.  Take an elevator up, and you get shell boxes and medikits strewn about
the floor.  Oh, and then you find it's not as "5-star" as you'd think it'd be.
Why else would there be so many people packed into small rooms with one bed,
one closet, no bathrooms, and no television?

Anyway, if you don't want to go to the pool, you can exit the hotel through
the southwest door -- and land on an invincibility sphere in the process.  Very
Fiffian.  If you grab the berserk pack near the pool beforehand, you can punch
out two barons in the lobby, and take out the one in the kitchen before the
invincibility wears off.  Speaking of the kitchen, if you're not careful, you
can fall between the fridge and the staircase, and there's no way to escape
without cheating.  "Playtesting?  Durr, what's that?"

And then, there's the exit.  It's located near the aforementioned invincibility
sphere, but to open it, you have to trip four totally unmarked tripwires hidden
throughout the level.  They're located in the middle of the staircase connecting
the second floor and the lobby, the doorway at the bottom of the staircase to
the pool, the eastern edge of the pool, and the southern edge of the platform
southeast of the pool.  Triggering it would usually involve jumping off the
platform, but you can set it off without doing so, letting you enter the pool
area if you wanted to.  Either way, George, were you honestly unable to think of
anything else?

Oh, yeah, I shouldn't end this description without mentioning the secret area.
It's located in an incredibly deep hole and suffers from having one of the
slowest elevators ever; it takes about 40 seconds for the damn thing to lower
and rise.  I'm serious.  Why George Fiffy thought this would be a good idea, I
don't know.  All I know is that it wastes precious time if you're doing a max
demo.  What the hell, man... :(

Overall, this level aims to be difficult and fun, but falls short of both.  It
also fails to be a very convincing hotel -- not that it would've been possible
in 1994, in any case, given the available textures and the quality of the tools
you could use to edit Doom at the time.  It's a noble effort, but the effort
was fruitless.

In any case, this is my first recorded exit, beating Maikl's demo by four
minutes and thirty-three seconds.  Previous unrecorded exits were 9:16, 7:52,
and 7:09.  My goal was to break 7:00, and because I succeeded by such a huge
margin (25 seconds,) I'm satisfied with this demo, although I wish my final
fights with the barons could've ended faster.  Making up for it, however, is
that at one point, I exploit the "get stuck inside of a door" bug to slay a
baron quickly.  It's rather amusing, if you ask me. ;)

- Eric "The Green Herring" Baker -
- eabaker@san.rr.com -
- July 12, 2009 -
