Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://doomedsda.us/

Pwad:      http://youfailit.net/pub/idgames/levels/doom/0-9/1fiffy4.zip
Pwad name: REoL TOUGH: The Pit [by George Fiffy]
Maps:      E1M5
Skill:     4
Category:  Max
Exe:       Doom.exe v1.9 (Ultimate Doom)

Time:      8:25

Author:    Eric "The Green Herring" Baker
Email:     eabaker@san.rr.com
HP:        http://disasterlabs.com/thegreenherring/
YouTube:   http://youtube.com/user/TheGreenHerring

Comments:  
Yet more Fiffy.  This is the eighth published WAD (including his crappy first
level, seen in FIFFYWAR.WAD E1M1 in 1FIFWAR.ZIP) created by a man who is
nowadays known for being obsessed with elevators, and for being very loudly
conservative (as in, American conservatism) in a stereotypical sense.  I'm not
sure how much of an improvement this is from the guy who gained Internet infamy
with his feud with Something Awful.  In any case, this takes place in the
Detention Center of the Mt. McKinley Base from FIFFY.WAD, which is home to a
tall room with a nukage pit (don't ask why, this is Doom) that serves as the
level's hub.  As is typical of George Fiffy, there are hundreds of monsters in
this level, but their threat is nerfed by a ridiculous surplus of ammo.

However, there's a worse surprise in store.  You see, there are 18 secrets in
this level.  "So what?" you ask.  "How would having a lot of secrets detract
from a map?"  I'll tell you how: By having almost all of them be of the
"completely impossible to find without cheating with a level editor" class
of secrets.  Many of them are the usual completely-hidden doors, but some of
them are truly ridiculous.  For instance, one secret requires you to shoot a
random wall in a small and plainly unpopulated room.  One secret cannot be
reached without prior knowledge that crossing a specific portion of a linedef in
front of a switch will seal it off forever.  One secret can only be accessed if
you run into one corner of a nukage pool, risking death if you happen to be at
low health at the time, for /no reason whatsoever./  I think you get the point
already.  Unless you do what I suggested, watching either my demo or Maikl's is
the only way you'll ever know how to find them.

There's one other notable feature in this map.  At one point, you'll reach a
forest from a conspicuously Hell Keep-style entrance, known as the Unenchanted
Forrest. [sic] Said "Forrest" is a small maze of sprite trees which not only
overloads Doom's visible sprites limit, but actually manages to slow down my
Windows 98 computer, built in 2005, predating the infamy of B.P.R.D's "Grove"
by a decade.  Because it overloads the visible sprites limit, I end up having
to fire shots all around the room to catch the bad guys before I get to them.

Otherwise, there's nothing else I can say about my demo, other than that my
previously recorded exit was 8:47, and that my demo beats Maikl's by over ten
minutes!  (Ten minutes and two seconds, to be exact.)  I make a few mistakes
here and there, like wasting a BFG shot or two, but otherwise, I'm satisfied
with this demo, especially as I ended up beating both of my target times (9:30,
and then 8:30 when I ended up beating /that./)  Enjoy the demo!

- Eric "The Green Herring" Baker -
- eabaker@san.rr.com -
- November 8, 2009 -

P.S. The story in the text file for this level says that whatever's going on
atop Mt. McKinley could threaten all of mankind, "like George Bush did to this
country!"  (George /H.W./ Bush, of course.)  Considering Fiffy's now vocally
conservative political stance, and his current propensity to demonize our
current President, the very not-conservative Barack Obama, at any opportunity
he gets, this is hilarious in an ironic sense.  It also shows that not only can
he not keep his political views out of his WADs, but he's the sort of guy who's
ready to badmouth the President no matter who's sitting in the Oval Office.
