Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://doomedsda.us/

Pwad:      http://youfailit.net/pub/idgames/levels/doom/0-9/1fiffy2.zip
Pwad name: REoL TOUGH: Satan's Castle [by George Fiffy]
Maps:      E3M1
Skill:     4
Category:  Max
Exe:       Doom.exe v1.9 (Ultimate Doom)

Time:      5:30

Author:    Eric "The Green Herring" Baker
Email:     eabaker@san.rr.com
HP:        http://disasterlabs.com/thegreenherring/
YouTube:   http://youtube.com/user/TheGreenHerring

Comments:  
More Fiffy action.  This time, it's on his second level, and it's in the text
file for this one that his ego becomes truly apparent.  Right at the start, he
claims that this map is, "THE BEST AND TOUGHEST LEVEL YOU'LL PROBABLY EVER
PLAY," and then goes on state that, "If you make it through this '30 minute'
stage (refering how long it takes to play the ENTIRE level, secrets and all),
IT'S A MIRACLE YOU DID!"  30 minutes?  Even Maikl, who usually went at a
leisurely pace when recording his demos, beat this level in about twelve!  Right
after this, regarding par times, he suggests attempting to finish the level in
ten minutes.  "Sounds easy to do, doesn't it? IT'S NOT! TRUST ME! IT'S
IMPOSSIBLE!"  Guess what, REoL?  My first completion time, with 100% Kills and
Secrets, was 7 minutes and 35 seconds.  What do you say to /that?/

So, anyway, this level is a noticeable improvement over FIFFY.WAD.  At the very
least, Fiffy has actually kind of grasped height variation... but not 
completely.  Progressing through the level requires you to climb and descend
two different staircases, but most of the level is still rather flat.  There's
a lot of ammo, but not to the same ridiculous extent as FIFFY.WAD... at first.
Then you get to the end of the level, where you get a buttload of rockets, and
there's a shack set aside dedicated to being stuffed with loads of ammo boxes...
including eight cell packs, even though you can't get an energy weapon until you
reach the secret exit.  Oh, yeah, and four berserk packs, a supercharge and an
invincibility sphere.  Seriously.  You don't even /need/ all of that when you
can get the cyberdemon and spiderdemon to fight each other, à la Doom II MAP20.

The text file also claims that this is a castle, but there's a brief interlude
in STARTAN rooms with wooden doors for whatever reason.  Also, all the
teleporters placed in this level have misaligned textures, which Fiffy points
out in the text file, after which he says he can't understand why.  Psst...
George, this is why you use a grid when designing your levels.  Oh, and when he
says that you "can possibly run through [his] last name," he's not kidding.
Find some hidden switches, and you get to run through a series of marble
hallways built in the shape of his surname!  I'm guessing his ego is the result
of a superiority complex brought on by kids laughing at him in school because of
how silly his name is.  Quite frankly, I don't see any way you can have a name
like "George Fiffy" and expect to be taken seriously.

Oh, yeah, I also mentioned a secret exit.  The end of the Fiffy sequence is
where it's located, at one tip of the "y."  On the other tip is a switch which
unlocks access to both the plasma gun and the BFG, which seems rather pointless
when you're at the end of the level, unless you want to nuke the monsters in
E3M9 or something.  Or unless you upset the balance of it all by grabbing the
BFG through the wall, which is what I do in this demo.  You'll need strafe50 to
pull it off.  It takes me a few tries before I successfully do it, but it lets
me clear the rest of the area faster than if I just used the rocket launcher.

As mentioned above, my first unrecorded exit was 7:35, achieved eight days ago.
Subsequent exit times were 7:24 and 6:46, followed by a 6:39 time I achieved
today.  When I started recording shortly afterward, I didn't expect to get any
time faster than six minutes, and was pleasantly surprised when I managed 5:42.
I finally achieved 5:30 after a disappointing 5:50 demo.  A word of warning
before you improve on my time, should you decide to do so: When you enter the
teleporter leading into the Fiffy area, you should do so slowly.  The secret
sector at that spot is so thin that you can fail to trigger it if you run over
it too fast.  I was nonplussed when I got a 5:55 exit just before my 5:42 demo,
only to see "SECRET 83%" on the stat screen.

In any case, enjoy.

- Eric "The Green Herring" Baker -
- eabaker@san.rr.com -
- June 14, 2009 -
