WAD: Alien Vendetta
MAP: MAP08: Beast Island
Time: 1:00.74
Added Engine: prboom-plus v2.5.1.3
Category: nomonsters speed
Recorded on: December 20, 2017
-complevel 2

I was watching some AV demos recently and decided I wanted to make one of my own. For nomonsters, this meant trying to beat Cacatou's time on another map
I haven't already (MAP06, MAP09, MAP11, MAP12, MAP14, MAP18, MAP21, MAP23, MAP28, MAP29). 

I had been looking at MAP15 a bit, but both times there seem really solid to me. I also looked at MAP10 with the possiblity of an SR50 jump across the pit
at the beginning, but that seemed to fail me. I don't know if it's possible or not. Then, I started looking at this map and doing some test runs on my own.
After figuring out a decent route/way to move around the map and how not to get "extremely" stuck, I got a 1:02 very quickly, then a 1:01.87 a few tries
later. Those demos still had parts where I knew I could improve, so I decided to make a demo for this map.

It wasn't easy for me, but it was pretty fun. Over two days, I had about 2 hours of attempts on Day 1 and between 30-45 minutes of attempts on Day 2, with
this run being my success at beating the 1:01 time. Despite being difficult to avoid bumping on a lot of walls, I enjoyed running through this map. The
scenery is amazing, and there are some open parts that do give good breaks from having to worry about bumping into stuff very easily. The most annoying part
by far was running on the very thin ledge to get into the fortress (after teleporting). It's really easy to be running at an angle that you think will work,
but then a microcollision with the wall makes you fly off, killing your run. Eventually, I found my chances were better of staying on the ledge if I faced
the wall more, which does cause the journey to be a bit slower, but oh well. Other notable annoyances include the first teleporter's linedef being extremely
easy to skip (so I let up on my strafe key just before entering) and the jump to the switch that opens the exit going wrong. It's an easy jump, but it's also
easy to hit either wall and screw it up, especially when you're moving quickly.

This demo has a couple of bumps (worst being after successfully getting across the ledge and then opening the door to hit the switch for the elevator), and 
it's SR40 only, so under one minute is definitely possible. I'm not sure if trying to do the glide to the first teleporter is worth it or not. It does face
south, but you'd have to get it almost immediately to save time, and I wasn't about to incorporate that kind of frustration in for something like that.

Enjoy.

--Doomdaniel95