This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

AV251949.TXT

 AV251949.ZIP

  AV251949.LMP - Ultra Violence 

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File AV.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Alien Vendetta - Level 25 - Demonic Hordes

  Kills    107%
  Items     ??%           
  Secrets  100%  and Time = 19:49
                          
                          
  Description: I've wanted to have this level back since cack_handed did his run in 2006, and in the 
               last few days sat down for some serious sessions. cack_handed used quite a few little 
               tweaks and timesavers in his run, but I thought they looked a little fiddly and 
               timeintensive to set up. Plus I thought I could use the BFG more. So this is pretty much
               the route from my old demo.

               The goal was always under twenty minutes, which I thought I could get with aggressive play.
               That turned out to be the case but a bit of luck helped. The main bit of good fortune, 
               which almost never happened in other runs, was that all four Cybers were out in the 
               open area waiting for me when I returned from the start. Usually you have to wait around 
               and do other things while they file out one by one. So this saved 30-45 seconds, plus 
               a few cells.
           
               Second part of the level went okay, the teleporting archie could have been killed quicker
               but this is pure chance. I took some cack_handed route ideas here, mainly the first part 
               up till the Cyber+Archie fight. Thereafter it's mostly my route, although I try to set off 
               teleporters early and cop an unlucky rocket in the face thanks to a hiding chaingunner. 
               I think this is the best way of handling all those teleporting monsters at the end - 
               they'll either be out in the open area, in the near room containing two arachnotrons, or 
               in the room with two mancubii. The last few revenants could have been killed quicker but 
               at this point I knew I had a good time and was playing a little more conservatively.  

               In his text file (a nice long info-filled one too, always like that) cack_handed talked 
               about the arachnotron teleporter bug, where arachnos would wander off into voidspace
               if you went into the wrong part of the map while they teleported in. Luckily for me this
               never turned out to be a problem in any of my tries. I think the route of using BFG on the 
               Barons+Hell Knights after taking the yellow key must fix that issue.                
  
               So even though this demo could be tighter I'm happy with this. Looking back at the first 
               demo I recorded on this level (for the first version of AV), I see the time was 64:35 (!)
               Took some discussion with Vincent on IRC before I could see the route improvements 
               possible. The goal then was under half an hour.

               So yes, I'll defend this one :)  	


  Chris "Ryback" Ratcliff
  ryback@gmail.com