Iwad: doom2.wad
Pwad: Vanguard
Pwad name: vanguard.wad
Map: All
Skill: 4
Category: uv-speed TAS
Exe: PrBoom-Plus 2.5.1.1
Time: 13:21

Author: dannebubinga
Email: daniel.tomhet@gmail.com

After making the sunder map04 TAS run I decided to make all of Vanguard since I like it a lot. There aren't many tricks through out the run, but the ones I used are mostly
av-jumps. I learned some tricks by watching dew's speed runs on Vanguard the times I was clueless. Thanks for the tricks, I hope you don't mind me borrowing them! I used
up 49 segments.

Map01: 0:16

Straight forward map. The only trick is a tricky strafe-run on to the platform that holds 2 imps and a switch.

Map02: 0:26

Also pretty straight forward. The tricks are 2 sr-50 jumps, which are kind of easy when doing TAS. The hardest part was to get a tripple kill with the RL after opening
the blue door. The monsters in the tunnel to the exit just didn't want to get out of the way so I settled for the small bump seen in the demo.

Map03: 0:43

Awful map to speed run. Mostly thanks to the av-jump. The jump itself is easy, but to get out of there after grabbing the key took it's sweet time. The av's always seemed
to resurrect shit in the way all the time. The exit was also awfully annoying since the last teleporting AV targeted me in an instant all the time.

Map04: 0:45

RUN! And then do the pain-elemental glide. Learned this from dew.

Map05: 0:32

Same here, RUN!

Map06: 0:27

Trickless. Just run and then try to get through the imp/PE room without wasting too much time bumping into imps.

Map07: 0:55

This is fun! Had some troubles with arachnotrons taking 4 rockets to die (wtf?) and mancubus constantly hiding behind layers of revenants. I got 55 secs on my first try but
believed I could do it better. 20 tries later I settled for 55 :)

Map08: 0:48
 
The most boring map to both play and watch. Bumped into stuff here and there but couldn't really be bothered to try and get a clean run.

Map09: 1:03

This is a fun run. Having the PG really helps this first part. The RL boost is some sort of DIY trick that's almost impossible without slow-mo playing. Guess I did 1 BFG 
blast too many before boosting, but whatever, it looks clean. The double AV-jump is ripped from dew's demo.

Map10: 1:52

Big improvement over my non-TAS run of this. This map is really fun both to speed and max. Probably in my top10 maps. I tried to do the AV-jump without waking up the 
demons that stand under the platform that I jump from. They kept blocking my jump all the time and the loading time for the -skipsec command started to increase some here,
so I grew tired of it and just did it the safe way.

Map11: 2:46

The start is horrendous! Had to play this on 50% speed to be able to survive and somewhat doing it fast. The rest of the map is just waiting. Boring to watch.

Map12: 1:25

Pretty straight forward map that invovles some luck when it comes to enemy movement. I bumped into stuff and also made a few unnecessary BFG blasts that wasted some time.
Still I think it looks pretty clean and fast. Fun map!

Map13: 1:23

I know this could be done faster, but I don't understand how, since the romero's head is timed? 

Summary:

A fun wad to run. A shame about map11 and it's boring waiting sequences. I'm well aware that this could be improved like crazy, but you have to start somewhere! I guess I mashed the use key a bit too fast
during the in between maps sequences. Infact so hard that you don't even have time to actually see the time of the map. Therefor I recommend watching with an alternative hud that shows the time. 


