Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://doomedsda.us/

Pwad:      http://cd.textfiles.com/nightowl/nogames3/005a/1fifwar2.zip
Pwad name: REoL TOUGH: TOTAL WAR III: Land of Weirdness [by George Fiffy]
Maps:      E3M7
Skill:     4
Category:  Max
Exe:       Doom.exe v1.9 (Ultimate Doom)

Time:      9:10

Author:    Eric "The Green Herring" Baker
Email:     eabaker@san.rr.com
HP:        http://disasterlabs.com/thegreenherring/
YouTube:   http://youtube.com/user/TheGreenHerring

Comments:  
It's been a while since I've demoed anything by George Fiffy, hasn't it?

Another entry in the "Total War" series -- which isn't on idgames/ for whatever
reason -- this is Fiffy's shot at very odd design.  The results are apparent:
You start the level in front of a door surrounded by invisible walls.  There's
a room with Hall of Mirrors effect windows on each side.  At least one of the
doors has the sky for a ceiling texture.  Accessing one of the secrets requires
you to press on one side of a door's frame, and another requires you to press
the back of a staircase.  Oh, and don't be fooled by the room full of rockets;
there's nothing on the level to fire them with.  Since this is a Total War map,
though, you still get enough enemies to overload Doom's visible sprites limit,
and, as is usual for a George Fiffy map, a frankly absurd amount of ammo even
for the number of monsters around.  While it is a bit weird, it's not as weird
as some other levels released around the same time or later -- like, say,
DARKHELL.WAD, or, even better, The Sky May Be.  Outside of its weirdness, the
construction is still rather amateurish (there are still misaligned teleport
pads, for example,) and the level is nothing remarkable apart from having a Hell
Revealed-level monster count three years before Hell Revealed did it
competently.

Rather fittingly so, the route I use in this max demo takes advantage of the
fact that you can jump between the alcoves in the final room to time-optimizing
effect.  I know the level is strange, but I'm certain this was /not/ what George
Fiffy had in mind. ;) Because there's no rocket launcher, and you don't get the
plasma gun and BFG until much later, you end up having to use the shotgun and
chaingun for most of the map.  Also, after you've cleared everyone out in
certain areas, you still have to check for wandering monsters -- including in
the last secret area I visit.  The exit time I got before this one was 9:38; it
may be possible to get under 9:00, but I don't feel like having to check all
over the map for monsters any longer -- at least for now.

- Eric "The Green Herring" Baker -
- eabaker@san.rr.com -
- October 31, 2009 -
