Iwad: scythe.wad
Map:      30
Skill:     4
Category:  UV-Tyson
Exe:       DSDA-Doom v0.25.6
Time:      4:50:36

-complevel 2

Author:	   j4rio



This was kind of a weird one. The most challenging part was really just overcoming the initial urge to violently vomit
anytime I booted the map for routing. The whole thing is, for the most part, just a bonkers routing puzzle with obtuse 
counter-intuitive solutions. Puzzle may be a fitting word in retrospect now that it's complete, but initially you're not
even sure whether you're engaging with a puzzle. You don't get that clear feedback about progress being made and nobody
will notify you that a certain decision you made hours ago was fundamentally wrong. There's also a factor of randomness
heavily felt, which means any outcome of a situation has to evaluated - you really don't want to rely on a fluke.

The routing itself began a good while ago when I went over leftover scythe holes. I wasn't exactly thrilled with the
prospect and hurled it in the trash without much hesitation. There just didn't seem to be anything worth investigating.
I mean, there are 18 cybers and nonexistent bullet reserves. What more do you need to conclude that it's impossible and
move on? Yet the damn thing kept getting brought up. "It's the last hole" and all that jazz. 4shock mentioned it recently 
during our secret meet-up, which kind of made me consider giving it at least one more half-hearted attempt. 

(Boring route details ahead. I believe most of them are quite self-explanatory from the demo, but suit yourself. You can
skip this section and go straight to the bottom if route details don't tickle your fancy.)

Now even straight up at the very start I've started noticing some heavy quality-of-life improvements. Given the rather 
hot starting position, you're not exactly incentivised to linger around. However, frantically moving around map at this 
point may already be enough to render the map undoable. So long as you don't make any noise, you retain a lot of control
over what happens in the outer YK section. The first cyber will also become dormant after infighting in the first room
and remain deposited at that spot for later. However, it's crucial that this guy takes out all visible barons, otherwise
upcoming strats won't work.

The YK section is easy when handled with care, but takes a lot of time to clear out. The first goal is to take out the
awkward cyber in the corner using sleeping mancs, for now ignoring the other 2 cyber turrets. Since this guy is basically
guaranteed to die from infights, I also use mancs to distract and/or destroy awakened spiders behind the first turret
platform. The most problematic monsters here are those revenant platforms with 1 archvile. Admittedly, I've had no safe 
method of removing them and relied on improvisation. In the successful attempt I used mancs, but more often than not I 
have to use the cyber turret. He is quite likely to fall asleep after infighting, so in case he does so in a safe spot,
you can lure revenant balls while standing behind him. Another random issue that can arise here is an immobile revenant
revived by an archvile. You can later on lure a caco and try to play hide-and-seek around that revenant or waste some
of the extremely limited edition bullets. With just few more monster groups left to be taken out by cybers, the most fun
part of the run can commence.

I have the second turret cyber hit an archvile just around the corner and hide behind a wall. Then I run off to the grocery
store to buy some milk. This was a crucial error, the cyber went dormant and vile had hard time targetting him. So anyway,
if you feel like doing some improvements here, one point of improvability is not running off mid-run to the grocery store.
Few things worth noting here. All barons at the start must be dead, otherwise they'll eventually stumble downwards to your
hiding spot. Also all revived monsters will remain stationary as long as you've made no noise up to this point. I haven't 
found any other satisfactory method to take out this guy without severe risks and issues, but to be fair, looking for one 
wasn't very high on my priority list. The whole map is routed with "absolutely-anything-goes" mindset.

With turret cyber out of the picture, a lot more room is now available for easy maneuvering. First I use the leftover turret
guy to remove all the revived stuff in the corner of the room along with archvile and hks from the corridor, gaining access
to the backstage of starting room. Here I finally make noise, there is no longer any point in remaining quiet. This wakes
up an archvile in the pit below, eventually teleporting near the map's starting point. Sometimes this archvile telefrags a
cyber I've deposited here, which honestly does more harm than good. I've had a brain fart trying to remove this vile, almost
dying in the process.

The next step was removal of all YK content. This is normally done via leftover turret cyber, starting cyber (in case he
doesn't get telefragged) or just plain punching. Grabbing YK itself reveals more stuff, including 4 additional cybers.
I usually just lure them all to the corner and hope only a single cyber instigates an infight, almost certainly dying
in the process. Ideally I'm left with 2 cybers, but 3 is still manageable amount. 4 is a little too much. I've realised
all these guys can become stuck in the room housing YK using that platform's geometry. To pacify them, I use homing rev
balls from the starting room, ideally some of those stationary groups behind blocklines on the left side, since they are
completely untargetable from outside.

With YK totally cleared out, I move on to BK section. Another cyber turret platform here is fortunately easy to take care of.
First he infights all the flying crap, then I use him to harm jailed viles at the bottom. They can easily target him despite
seemingly long distance. The room on the left side houses 2 more cybers, possibly the worst and scariest duo of the map.
The limited space and cut-off nature of this section severely limits many out-of-the-box possibilities. However, there is 
just enough revenants in their clear view to cause some serious damage. This is the one instance where you're really pretty 
much reliant on random chance. With infight over, those cybers are nr.1 primary bullet target practise. If that fails, there
is also one invulnerability available for some limited punching and eventually some cacodemos you can lure from inner section
later. The room on the right is also quite scary, there's a huge load of mancubuses that you will eventually have to punch
out sooner or later.

Proceeding to RK section via starting room, there are a few things to take care. The tunnel to the right side of the starting
room was avoided on purpose at all costs so far. There is a trigger revealing a bunch of revenants and archviles, all of who
will start roaming the lower section with damaging floor and interfere with moving around the place, blocking you from below.
I just punch them head-on, there is a blockline providing sufficient cover. There are a few additional issues, as per usual.
At least one archvile is almost guaranteed to run to the bottom and start reviving some stuff on unreachable platforms. Most
of them can be targeted by cybers later-on, but problems can arise if some leftmost revenants are revived and stuck in place.
You will almost certainly require bullets for such a situation, which in current context can be attempt-wasting.

Now to proceed further, you need to reach a platform housing a heap of imps and an archvile. This archvile is a massive
wrench just randomly thrown in routing-wise. Buttons you press in that section actually reveal 4 chaingunners altogether and
a mass of hellknights. This is the only instance of (at least hypothetical) ammo-multiplying in the map. You might be inclined 
to bash your head against a wall, trying to get something going, but it's just never going to get you any yield. You'll barely 
get at best 100 additional ammo, even that not being guaranteed at all. Besides this, that vile itself is a massive nuisance 
on its own. Anyway, after I concluded my routing, I just settled on bashing this guy out. The amount of trouble doing things 
in this order caused absolutely offsets any hypothetical low ammo yield. I wasted a lot of unnecessary time with this guy,
he got stuck in an awful place and I was hesitant just headlessly rushing him.  

Pressing the first button at the backside of this section reveals 2 more cybers and a bunch of flying crap. In case I got
exceedingly lucky with BK cyber infights, I could just leave all the stuff to infight. A way more likely scenario is that
I still need something to damage leftover cyber(s) there. Flying monsters are the only source of additional damage at this
point and usually have no problem traversing over to their location. An unfortunate issue here is a pair of pain elementals
can randomly join the fray at an undesirable moment.

Now with infights over, one of the scariest moments of the run is about to take place. I need to incapacitate both those 
cybers in their tiny allocated space with homing revenant balls. I use a bunch that just happens to be nearby and conveniently 
out their of reach. Even despite the short distance, the geometry of this room makes this horrendously awkward. I've almost
died during the process. One of them gets immediately punched out via a room corner, the other one remains deposited for
a few leftover infights later. Before pressing the other button revealing some more additional monsters, I clear out a passage
between the backstage of first room and the cyber room. A bunch of revenants just get punched out and vile just suicides as
I watch it from distance through a wall opening.

With this portion clear, I can press the second button of the previously mentioned platform. This opens up a load of hks and
barons with a cyber mixed in on the upper section, then a bunch more hks on the platform itself. The cyber revealed on the
upper section should just die instantly if I stand in the freshly cleared room with archvile. All those hks and barons will
just move closer to cyber, making infights basically guaranteed. The leftover deposited cyber from earlier is then used to
completely clear out every survivor. Afterwards, he gets once again pacified with a homing rev ball, this time a lot less 
scary given that at this point he is alone on its platform.   
 
RK section entrance was a total mess. Whatever was routed beforehand was just thrown out of a window. The infights in this 
section were horrible and totally didn't go the way I anticipated. At first I normally enter the mancubus ledge, which requires 
punching at very least two to three mancubuses. A distant cyber visible from below in an alcove then generates an infight 
between those mancubuses and himself, hopefully clearing out most of it. This didn't happen, in fact most of them survived and
I've had basically no way to do anything else other than just punching through a bunch of them until the cyber can target me and 
shoot a rocket with proper trajectory. What's even worse, the very reason I do this ledge clearing in the first place is to get 
a clear view of a different cyber coupled with revenants in an enclosed space and initiate an infight between them, but somehow this 
bozo managed to target those revenants instead of mancs as he was supposed to, completely throwing off any previous routing.
At this point I've realised I have a massive issue of potentially fully healthy cyber at a spot I'm really not supposed to have
one.

Now normally the cyber that infights those revenants dies afterwards to a mastermind in the very next room. I took massive risks
here trying to throw a few punches at the cyber during this infight, just to cripple him as much as possible. I was very fortunate
this worked out, because there are almost no other options to handle this particular guy other than just using up an invulnerability.
One benefit from this whole ordeal was, however, the fact that now the alcove cyber was crippled. Normally he dies to infights a
little bit later, but I could take him out of the picture much faster in arguably preferable circumstances.

The only thing left now is grabbing RK from beneath two more dangerous cybers after they clear out some leftover survivors. This is
rather scary so deep into the run. Doing so reveals the last RK encounter, namely a heap of revenants and archviles. Fortunately you
can make them infight while hiding below the ledge, the only thing to keep in mind is making sure you deposit at least one revenant
at the start of the ledge (this is absolutely crucial). After infights conclude, there are going to be some revived mancubuses that 
have to be terminated immediately, just so they aren't the last survivors on the ledge. With just one last revenant survivor, 
possibly the last scary bit of the map commences.

I have not found any other reliable way to handle those last two cybers other than simply using a bunch of rev balls to pacify them.
After a successful hit, there is a small window of opportunity when those cybers won't target you and you're free to punch away. I
try to linger as briefly as possible, because that revenant has a chance to clumsily stumble into their view. I got a mini heart attack 
when I noticed one incapacitated cyber trying to target the revenant, thankfully missing. This drags on for a while, but eventually
does the job.

Now at this point I had basically just filler fights to take care of. I got a little too excited so I've obviously almost totally 
screwed up what should have been one of the easiest bits of the map saved for the very end. The revenant alcove that I used to target
cybers in the starting room previously is only accessible through a teleporter in the rightmost house of BK section. I had saved an 
invul from earlier, so I figured I'll just use it for these guys, simply because I had no health surplus to tank some of their spawn 
slaps as soon as I enter the teleporter. Pressing the button they guard reveals 2 viles and revs at the very start of the map. I really 
should've just stared at them from distance until they killed themselves off, but somehow things got a little bit out of control, 
viles started reviving cacos and revenants with access to different parts of the map. Just an all-around shitshow. At least it provides
somewhat interesting conclusion, I suppose.

(End of routing details.) 

If you've skipped down here, you've reached the end of the textfile. Seriously, what did you expect to find here by skipping all the text? 
Some lovely surprises? Well I've got bad news for you, there is absolutely nothing. What else am I supposed to write here if not boring 
route details? Discuss what I've had for dinner yesterday or what? Seriously, scroll right back, read all those damn boring route details 
and stop complaining. Honestly, your lack of attention span disgusts me. Why even download a goddamn 5 hours long tedium if you're too 
lazy to engage with all the strategizing that went into it. Very disappointing, shameful and downright insulting. I would advice some 
serious introspection and maybe rethinking some of your decisions leading up to this point, clearly you're used to everybody just giving 
you a pass without a glimpse of care to be found on your end, but I'm not going to let that slide so easily. You're going to scroll back, 
real nice and slow, and you're going to read it all TWICE, just so we're even. Maybe then I'll start taking you a little more seriously 
and consider moving beyond this blatant display of indecency. Kapish?














  


   