Recorded using DSDA-Doom v0.15.0 with Doom II compatibility (-complevel 2)
Uses advanced hud

Iwad name: doom2
Pwad name: scythe
Maps: 1-30 + 31/32
Skill: 4
Category: UV-Max (d2all movie)
Time: 2hr04m29s

Author: Starduster
Date: 3/15/2020 (m/d/y)

**81% kills is the standard UV-Max percentage for MAP28**

Comments: 

Maps 1-27 are just dumb practice levels, the real start of scythe.wad begins at map 28. 

I never thought I'd get here. One month ago I began attempting this run, and my second ever attempt died on map 28. It was a huge
surprise to me, being able to clutch the run all the way up until 28. I've learned so much since then and can now say that I feel
I've mastered Scythe completely and am happy to leave it at this. 

The only way this run seemed remotely possible to ME was by using a linedef skip to prevent the crusher off the map from activating
in 28. Shoutouts to PartyCrasher for his youtube video showcasing a setup for it. That skip is extremely precise and can fail even
if your movement tics are perfect. If you are just 0.05 off in any direction from the desired initial position before going for the
skip, it will fail and your run will end right there.

After I had done my episode 3 UV-Max using PC's setup, 4shockblast posted a demo of 28 demonstrating a new setup for the skip in 
the speedrunning discord. That's the one you see in this demo. It had a much better success rate than the one I was using before - 
I never failed it in attempts :).

This was my third D2ALL attempt to reach map 30. My first run there was absolutely horrible (forgot strategies in previous levels),
while the second was much more clean (and on pace for sub-2hrs!). To be honest this run was a mix of both. It's your average
scenario with movie demos: There's gonna be some maps and moments in the run that you look back on and cringe at, but it doesn't 
change the fact that the run is done. 

Hopefully I can go back to being a normal person now, but others have told me that won't be the case :)

Last but not least, there are a few people who this text file wouldn't be complete without. Thanks to:
-NightTerror, for being such a supportive friend. Having someone to talk to about the journey is what motivated me to keep pushing.
-4shockblast, for showing me the new map 28 setup and being an inspiring scythe legend.
-Daerik, for being an inspiring d2all legend.
-David Asaad, for being a great friend and inspiring legend in general.
-stxvile, for being an inspiring doom speedrunning legend.
<3

Youtube upload of this demo: https://youtu.be/KAKsoG7obUI
Speed demos archive: https://dsdarchive.com/