Recorded using DSDA-Doom v0.13.1 with Doom II compatibility (-complevel 2)

Iwad name: doom2
Pwad name: scythe
Maps: 21-30
Skill: 4
Category: UV-Max (episode 3 movie)
Time: 1hr15m33s

Author: Starduster
Date: 3/6/2020 (m/d/y)

**81% kills is the standard UV-Max percentage for MAP28**

Comments: Just a filler-ish UV-Max for episode 3 of scythe. This run served as a comfy side project for when I didn't have
the time or energy to push through 1-20 for a D2ALL. I actually got this run the first time I beat 28. All other deaths on 
28 failed the linedef skip. It's not necessarily a proof-of-concept demo, because I was more comfortable with using speedy
strategies here, and therefore isn't the most accurate representation of what I would do in the D2ALL. I'd say it was
a great practice run. Working on it seemed to have cured my frequent 22 and 23 deaths. Map-by-map comments below:

21 - It felt nice to be able to play this however I wanted to because it comes at the start of the run. Shooting two 
rockets at the pain elemental seemed like a much better idea rather than punching it. 

22 - Every single part of this map feels spooky. I've grown to appreciate it more than I used to.

23 - The start used to be good at killing me, lol. After throwing attempts at this run it became trivial. The strategy I
found for the two cyberdemons is pretty neat imo, one walks over and the other gets stuck on the door next to him, making
him harmless.

24 - Got softlocked once due to a strange bug in the map design. If you skip the linedef where the blue door is, walk 
inside, and let the door close, the walkover line you skipped will block you from opening the door from inside. Other than
that I guess I don't have much to say about this one. Running past the horde of revenants is always exhilarating.

25 - It's so easy to die in the ouside area. I try my best to get the left mastermind dead before jumping down to prevent
something like what happened in this run. Unfortunately, it's all up to RNG.

26 - Ah, some good ol' fear. Make sure that the cyberdemons ahead at the start are shooting, otherwise they will not start
infighting with the top level (which can kill/significantly slow down the run). My cell and rocket routing up until this 
map could be improved quite a bit but I can't be bothered. And... is that a revenant staircase...? ;)

27 - Bringing full shells, rockets, and cells into this map makes it a lot more fun to play. There's basically infinite 
shells lying around if you know where to find them. I'm never sure of how many rockets to use in this map. Clearly I'm
not using enough, because there's always extra boxes lying around in 29 that I don't need... Cell routing is
straightforward.

28 - Okay, time for a lottery. I accidentally skipped the second line that activates the voodoo doll crusher (yes, there
are two lines for this :) shock skips both in his tyson IL) so lost some time going back to trigger it. I was nervous as 
hell after seeing that I got the first lineskip down. To be honest I always expect to fail it.

29 - Some crappy playing, but it's to be expected after playing this map for the first time in a movie demo. I'm always
afraid of dying here to the number of spooky encounters with cyberdemons.

30 - Fun to play. I had a few close calls, and beating it is so rewarding :D. My route brings full-ish rockets and cells
in for cleaning up the start before doing anything else. As long as I can survive the first key area, the rest of the map
is free.