Pwad: scythe2.wad
Pwad name: Scythe 2
Map:      1-30
Skill:     4
Category:  UV-Speed
Exe:       GLBoom+ v2.5.1.3
Time:      87:30

-complevel 2

Author:	   j4rio

My second released UV-Speed, and it's only one hour and half long! Talk about speed. 

This started out completely randomly amd I'm not even sure what inspired me about the idea of 
actually doing this, but I vaguely recall that I was actually thinking of doing a max of the whole 
thing, because I needed something for procrastination. It didn't take particularly long to realise 
that it's actually undoable, because besides being of a little noticeable difficulty, it's almost 
impossible to get to map 32 in a movie. Well, shrugs. I didnt't want to abandon the idea completely 
so I eventually settled with trying this.

S2 features a ton of perfectly reliable map skips and another ton of completely unreliable 
ones. It was quite a while until I pinned down a working route for the whole thing. Still, I had 
a huge advantage before even beginning any serious attempts, because I was already familiar with 
the whole wad, so all that was really necessary was some routing for speeding through. However, 
most of speed tricks were unknown to me except for very few I remembered from my earlier days, 
so thanks to whoever discovered stuff I included. Also, despite being an uv-speed, I should 
mention that I didn't pay attention to the time almost at all and focused just on doing the thing 
while remaining in one piece. I've never restarted an attempt because of bad time at any point of 
run, although I did if I failed crucial map-skipping tricks early in this run. 

I suppose individual map comments isn't of any particular use here since I wasn't competing with
anyone and I doubt somebody will try beating this in very notable while, if ever. Instead, I'm
going with just general comments about episodes as whole and mentioning some sticking moments.

The first thing that comes on mind is that this really wasn't that difficult to pull off. There
is a grandiose amount of powerups on the way and hitscan bestiary is deployed very sparsely, so
luck gets to play only minor role in staying alive, much less notable than in, say, TNT. Routing
every little detail of run and adjusting reliability of every insufficient tactic were the main
contributors to the existence of demo (far more important factors than raw number of attempts). 
 
Mentionable re-occuring author's trait is presence of skippable linedefs everywhere, be it crucial 
lines needed for further progression, exit lines or monster pop-up lines. They were a reason of 
many slow-downs or sometimes even speed-ups. The only one I noticed that took effect was in map 3 
shortly before exit, I fired a rocket into sky but I was expecting a few imps  blocking the lower 
part of stairway, but they failed to raise up.

Another thing is that there's possibility of many very easy tricks, plenty of which completely skip 
maps. Ep1 is a little plain in this regard, which makes it quite dull to run through each new 
attempt. Besides the window jump in map 2, which saves only a minor amount of time, there is pretty 
much nothing but running for keys and to exit. Map 6 is however featuring a rather annoying jump 
that can get randomly blocked by an imp on RK pedestal. Failing it would mean a lame looking detour 
so I just quit if I screwed this bit up (or got screwed up by rng). This and window jump in map 2 
were the only reasons of restarting an attempt, also occasionally failing the waterfall jump in 
map 3. 

Map 7 is the first map that gets pretty much maxed, but it's only because of map 7 tags. Unassisted 
RJ over gap to exit while using -cl2 isn't going to happen too soon, I guess. It's also surprisingly
lethal if played badly and rockets refusing to get some quick kills, so I decided to raise up my
chances of not facesplatting myself onto a demon face by taking them out before activating mancs. It
probably caused the most involuntary restarts of all maps in wad. 

The upcoming glide in map 8 and later in map 23 were a main turn-off when switching from maxing to 
speed. They were just too much of a timesaver not to include them in a run. However, gliding is 
something that my usual setup doesn't handle exactly well, so I fiddled with mouse settings through 
menu every time I was about to perform the trick, exactly by turning on vert just for the glide and
then switched it off after performing it. Note that doing this doesn't automatically make the glide
work, only increases the odds of doing it in reasonable amount of time (read: seconds instead of 
minutes). I'm leaving up to watcher to make up their mind about their moral view on the matter.

The rest of ep2 after gliding is a straightforward running and blasting whatever gets in the way.
RJ in map 9 wasn't even considered, unreliable and minimal time save. With arsenal already 
gathered since last death exit, it's arguably useless. The finale of the episode can get very ugly 
in an instant.

Ep3 and ep4 is the most trick-riddled section of wad. Map 11 gets skipped by moderately difficult 
crate jump, map 14 by a switch trigger at start, map 15 by a very easy crate jump. Entering map 31 
allows a bypass of death-exit, so I get to keep all of my arsenal for ep4. It has a funny consequence 
of anticlimatic events in map 16. Maps 17 and 18 again allow me to skip a huge chunk by strafejumps.

The beginning and the end of this section puts up the most resistance, namely maps 12, 19 and 20 are
the most screwable points here. 12 has a scary cyber that almost got me in the run and lots of other
stuff without an easy way out. The success rates here were significantly raised when I noticed the 
crate outside that offered a reliable cover and I could waste mancs without risking a blast to the 
back. Map 19 gets slogged through as well, even though there are some possible mapbreaking tricks, I
never got them working reliably. Namely, the RK grab and some wobbly strafejump from the wall that 
gets me to soulsphere secret. With a sufficiently loaded BFG this isn't that much of a problem. Map
20 has a risk of facesplat by a random distant rocket, so cybers get wasted as soon as possible, but
it's by far not as hard as living through map 12.      

Ep5 is a point where headless running to the exit gets swapped for rational surviving, specifically
the moment I pick yellow key in map 23. It might seem so that this is where my survivability drops 
to abysmally low levels, well, truth be told I think map 21 and 22 got me more times than the huge
BFG-ridden chunk that is map 23-25. Map 22 wasn't that far from ending the run again, the section 
with plasma gun can really hurt and the limited ammo forces some reckless actions. Map 21 isn't 
exactly a cute little starter map as well, getting an unlucky blast from caco without armor coupled
with some pecks from zombieman can result in agitating death. The 3D bridge there is also faulty and
more often than not an imp starts scratching me from below, so they had to be removed with a rocket.

The moment I get YK in map 23 is where success starts depending mainly on BFG. It's necessary to thin
out the cacos before rushing for exit, because bumping onto an infinitely tall caco is a death sentence
down there. Map 24 is probably my favorite bit because it's surprisingly easy if I handle it in a mildly
relaxed pace. There's a lovely AV jump that bypasses a very annoying section of map, which as a bonus
redirects the invulnerability usage. The downside to that is the invulnerability grab requires another 
AV jump, but at least it's difficult to screw up. Another trick I realised is the possibility to blast 
the horde appearing on ground level before exiting from above with infinitely tall rocket blast. In 
theory, it wouldn't be that hard to just rush for exit, but the success in map 25 is proportional to 
the amount of health and ammo I bring along from 24. Map 25 gets cheesed with all the ammo I bring along,
but those evil twins gave me a surprisingly hard time - usually I don't even realise their presence, but
the first one refused to run into a rocket and the second one managed to follow me through closing
door, which caught me off-guard. The pleasure of death-exiting for the last time is all mine.

The last ep is unfortunately a murder. Just the start of 26 is complete bullshit and got me no less than 
3 times, that suicide slide trick is absolutely out of question and the map is really fkin hard on its
own. The only worse news is the next map is 27, so even if I managed to somehow slide through that gap
and exit, it's probably for the better starting it with soulsphere from secret and ssg. 27, while possible
to do in just few minutes in theory, gets almost completely slogged through. None of the huge timesavers
are really reliable, at all, so you get to sit through the whole damn thing. There's a very long sequence
of ssg cleaning until the starting area becomes somewhat safe, followed by even slower sections with careful 
horde thinning . The only speed-related things I did here was a cyberdemon trigger skip when grabbing PG and 
bypassing second afrit to save up ammo for BK. I'm not really sure if there is any way to speed this up while 
not getting completely screwed in the process, even the bypass of afrit was already less than optimally 
reliable stategy but it was necessary. 28 and 29 each fortunately offer quick easy map-skips, but at this
point even easy stuff becomes difficult due to progress. The huge downside to map 28 is that you get only 
one single shot at doing it, regardless of how easy it is. If you're wondering, of course I screwed it up,
fortunately only once though. 29 and 30 were both first-timers, I've never reached 29 before this attempt.
30, well, it's comparable in difficulty to 24, but the fact that it's a last map makes fails way more 
probable - yeah, I had 7 HP moments before exiting.

Yeah, well, that's about it. This was in the works for around a month on-and-off, but actual time spent
with it wasn't that different from time I spent with TNT, probably even less. I couldn't play anywhere 
near as much as I most likely would. Well, stuff keeps getting in the way of my procrastinating habits. 
  



