This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

HF232114.TXT

 HF232114.ZIP

  HF232114.LMP - Ultra Violence with -fast

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File HR.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Hell Revealed - Level 23 - Ascending To the Stars

  Kills    103%
  Items     ??%           
  Secrets  100%  and Time = 21:14
                          
                          
  Description: I only seem to record demos because of discussion at Doomworld these days :)
               There was talk a couple of days ago about all the Compet-N levels that 
               were still undone on -fast, and it got me thinking about this level again. 
               I've wanted to get it done on -fast for quite a long time, but nothing about 
               the level appealed in terms of sitting down and working out how to do it. 
               It would have to have some of the most monotonous sequences of any HR level.
               Just at the opening you're immediatley thrown into a tedious war of attrition, 
               you and a shotgun versus nearly a hundred imps. And it doesn't get any 
               friendlier after that. 

               But playing through the level yesterday I realised the fast max route is 
               very possible on -fast, and in fact easier than trying to play safe. You
               still have to clear out the imps from the first room, but the whole sequence 
               up to the Spiderdemon can be run through, and it's much easier to do this 
               than, say, running the opening of HR13. The level can still smack you hard
               for a moment's lack of concentration later on, but at least it's not boring
               anymore.

               The central problem is of course the chaingunner trap, and it's what the whole
               route is designed around. My aim is to get in there with 200/200, since if you
               enter the room with a normal 100 health you'll be dead before you even get a 
               chance to jump off the pillar. Plus there's the small matter of taking damage
               so rapidly it literally becomes impossible to see through the red haze. 
               After experimenting a bit, my strategy became to run forward - this seems to
               maximize the chance of infights - kill the chaingunner in front, then run
               clockwise round the inner walls of the room, mopping up the chaingunner ring
               one by one as I bumped into them. This turned out to have a better than one 
               in two chance of success.
               
               Yesterday I managed to get as far as the final arch-vile room, whereupon 
               Doom had a venetian blinds crash. This morning at 7:15 or so, unable to
               sleep with a pounding hangover, I got an exit in 25:23. (I recommend Doom 
               as a hangover cure - concentrating on the game distracts your brain from
               worrying about itself). Watching that again it looked much too cautious, 
               so this is my second exit. Which I'm happy with. A time under Peo's TAS
               is very achievable here - just with more efficient ammo usage, no need to
               even alter the route - but I'll leave that to someone else.

               Some other notable stuff in this demo:

               * At five and a half minutes in, I take an Arch-vile blast with only 43% health,
                 but it only knocks me down another twenty points. I think it's because the
                 majority of the blast detonated inside the voidspace next to the door.
               * The second Hell-Knight at 14 minutes in was a complete surprise to me.
                 I still have no idea where that guy had been hiding.
               * Yes, I was very lucky not to die at the yellow key door. The concentration
                 just slipped for a little bit there.


  Chris "Ryback" Ratcliff
  ryback@gmail.com
  
