Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://www.goodnet.com/~opulent/sda/doom_sda.htm

Pwad:      hr.wad
Pwad name: Hell Revealed by Yonatan Donner and Haggay Niv
Map:       25
Skill:     4
Category:  -fast
Exe:       Doom2.exe

Time:      4:04

Author:    Chris "Ryback" Ratcliff
Email:     jaranbue@yahoo.com.au


Comments:  I was actually wondering when I uploaded the last batch of HR
           stuff if it'd get Claudio back in action. Hey, well I was
           right :) Once I saw him throw down the gauntlet with
           hf25-449, I knew I had to get down below the max time.
           Just because it was possible.

           So here are some demos of me doing exactly that. Turned out
           that a time around 4:3x is pretty easy, but it gets rougher
           from there.

           The demos:

           hf25-423
           --------
           First exit, and looks very rough and messy.

           hf25-415
           --------
           Kicking self metaphorically in head for this one... everything
           is going brilliant up until the Cybers, and then that battle
           cost me some health and I got nervous. Then I forget what
           route I'm supposed to take, MISS the megasphere, go back and
           get it, and generally foul up a good run. That the eventual time
           was just one second outside the max time was one of those
           'I really wish I could just punch in this monitor screen'
           moments :)

           Couple of days go by, some 4:3x's, leave it alone for a bit,
           then this:

           hf25-404
           --------
           My new set of sound drivers that don't like DOS emulation for
           some reason crapped out halfway through this session, so
           I was playing in blissful silence. Kind of helped, actually.
           My route at the start is to leave as many monsters alive as
           possible for infights, so that's what I leave the mancs alive
           for. The next bit was a bit weird, though... I've never before
           had a try where I went for the mega with spiders still alive.
           Anyway, things calm down after that, like hf25-415 the second
           Baron came down from his perch and died in the revenant fight.
           This fight helps a lot with timing - if you only have to circle
           two times the time won't be bad, three times and it's looking
           worse. And there was no more trouble from that point, both
           Cybies went down quick and easy and they left little for me to
           mop up. Didn't have to take the second mega, but only lost
           maybe three seconds here. And, because I'm a right bastard who
           enjoys making other people do long frustrating demo recording
           sessions, I'll say 3:xx is *definitely* possible :)

