This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

HF31-646.TXT

 HF31-646.ZIP

  HF31-646.LMP - Ultra Violence with -fast

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File HR.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Hell Revealed - Level 31 - The Descent

  Kills    100%
  Items     ??%           
  Secrets  100%  and Time = 6:46
                          
                          
  Description: This demo came about solely because I was browsing the DSDA and noticed 
               that my time of 7:31 (which I haven't uploaded anywhere but youtube) 
               was only 18 seconds slower than Yonatan's TAS time of 7:13. I was fairly
               happy with the route I'd used in my last demo but thought it could be 
               sped up if I managed to kill the first Cyber and release all the monsters
               quicker - this is THE crucial determinant of a good time. It can be 
               a little difficult to focus on this task early on because there's a lot 
               spectres and chaingunners milling about and whether they come and check
               on you seems to be an entirely random process. But eventually this run
               came, things went smoothly after that, and the two main crowds of monsters
               all went down fast. 

               Some things go wrong - an incautious moment at a door costs me a rocket
               flush in the face, and I didn't handle the AV fight well at all. But I
               wasn't expecting to beat the TAS time by 27 seconds, so I'm happy enough.

               UV time here is 7:04, and this is one of those HR levels where -fast 
               *should* be faster - the initial two minutes in the descending room is
               easier, and the infights later on work so much more to your advantage
               with -fast. But you should be able to tell just from watching that 
               this isn't close to an optimised time yet. There's about thirty 
               seconds to be taken out without changing anything drastic with the 
               route, so we'll see who's keen...


  Chris "Ryback" Ratcliff
  ryback@gmail.com
  
