This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

HF32-440.TXT

 HF32-440.ZIP

  HF32-440.LMP - Ultra Violence with -fast

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File HR.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Hell Revealed - Level 32 - Mostly Harmful

  Kills    100%
  Items     ??%           
  Secrets  100%  and Time = 4:40
                          
                          
  Description: This demo came about because of some discussion on Doomworld. vdgg had gone 
               through all the Compet-N levels looking for anomalies like secrets you 
               couldn't get, monsters that you were allowed to leave alive, etc, and asked
               me to look at Hell Revealed. Mostly this was a pretty easy job - HR is a well 
               built PWAD with no inaccessible secrets, and the two maps where you're allowed 
               to skip monsters (map23 and map26) are well known. But map32 was interesting - 
               something I discovered that I'd never known before is that there are 40 
               inaccessible pain elementals on this map, placed outside the walls for who knows
               what. The only reason it's possible to get 100% kills in a maxkill demo is 
               because there's also a monster spawner on the level, so you can accrue extra 
               kills from that. This can result in some farcical demos though - on Yonatan's 
               TAS of this level he kills all the monsters required in about two and a half 
               minutes, then has to spend a further minute running around killing spawned 
               monsters to make up the percentages.

               Now Compet-N rules require valid maxkill demos to kill all currently living and 
               accessible monsters, which means on Mostly Harmful you had to kill 287 out of 
               327 monsters. But after checking old records on this level, turns out only one 
               qualifies - Anders Johnsen's current UV Max record of 4:14. My old -fast record 
               of 5:14 had one monster still alive at the end - frustratingly, he turns out to 
               be in my field of vision as the level ends. So once I knew this I had to record 
               a demo which was 100% valid. Hence, this one.

               The time's a fairly significant reduction from my old record, mostly because once 
               the first part of the level's out of the way I never have to return to the moat 
               or the starting room to replenish on cells - just run from key to key to key, 
               and then to the exit. Since the TAS time on this level is 5:06 I'm quite happy 
               with the improvement. 


  Chris "Ryback" Ratcliff
  ryback@gmail.com
  
