This is a Doom .LMP "Competition" Entry

HN08-031.TXT

 HN08-031.ZIP

  HN08-031.LMP - Nightmare!

  Recorded using Doom 2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -file hr.wad -playdemo with version 1.9

  Hell Revealed - MAP08 - The Jail

This is a pretty typical run for me: one requiring a huge amount of
monster luck (and a bit of manipulation) that you can just try over
and over till it works. Having got the pacifist record I happened to
look at the nightmare time and saw it was way slower than UV and
pacifist, so I watched it and saw that Hitherto executed his route
nice and cleanly, but it was a very 'safe' route...so of course I got
to thinking, hey, can we just run straight through this? Yes we can!

There's a huge amount of stuff going on around and behind me that
you don't really see here; all sorts of monsters have to do exactly
the right thing. There are 2 or 3 viable patterns (fast enough and
high enough health) in the first room; the goal is to get the far
corner sergeants infighting with their near corner partners, which
(if you're lucky) leaves a 'no fire zone' where the SSG is. Ideally
back left hits front left on his second shot, back right hits front
right almost immediately after, front guys turn around and both hit
back guys, you grab the SSG and get the hell out of there. There's
a variant where the back left guy kills the front left guy very
quickly (in which case you kill the back left guy while waiting for
the other pair to start fighting, and hope like hell the pinky - who
usually gets hit by scatter from the back left guy, but will now be
targeting you again - doesn't eat your face). The front guys can also
*easily* miss their shot at the back guys, then you have to move in a
specific way and *hope* the pinky moves in front of you and absorbs
the next three shots from the back guys (or they just don't hit you
very hard).

In the big open area you really want three key things to happen: the
revenant not to fire an AI seeking missile with his first shot which
just flies around and hits you in the side while you're dealing with
the chaingunners, something - *anything* - to hit the revenant so
he's not constantly firing at you, and the two chaingunners on the
ledge to start infighting. Then all you have to worry about is timing
your movement in front of the door so the two imps in cages behind
you don't eat a lot of health while you dodge around. The chaingunners
can act in a few different ways, but you can *usually* kill them with
two shots. I aim to kill the left guy with the first shot and hope
the other two start infighting, then I can run up to them safely and
kill them on my way by.

For a while I was using a slower method here of opening the door then
circling round to get the medkit, but you often lose as much health
to the ledge chaingunners and surviving sergeants as you gain from
the medkit, and you can get sniped by a stray revenant missile or
trolled by the pinky if you're unlucky. So I dropped that and figured
out this method. You can get through the chaingunner corridor with
one SSG shot if you're *very* lucky, but I decided it was just too
rare to work with.

This kinda 'wraparound' move on the baron, if you execute it right,
allows you to blow right by him without him hitting you. But it's easy
to miss it, in which case I just run like hell and hope he doesn't hit
me too hard.

The immediate next part is more complicated than it looks. The hanging
bodies are solid objects so there are actually only a few paths
through the room. The baron is firing at you from behind, so you need
to run some kind of zigzag down *into* the room - if you run straight
he can hit you. There are two spectres in the basement. So you kinda
have to run a very specific route. Ideally you run into the far wall,
sorta bounce off back towards the exit, grabbing medkit and blue armor
on the way. I was slightly too slow here and got trapped by a spectre,
so had to burn a shot to get by him: this is about a 1 second loss.
You also don't want to do this as you actually *want* the spectres
around.

Just going straight to the glide seems like suicide with an HK, two
spectres and a sergeant behind you and a cacodemon in front of you,
but it's safe surprisingly often. You want the caco to be close and
over to the left; then his shots just hit the bars, but he keeps
firing. If he's far away and/or to the right his shots will kill you
very fast. All the monsters behind you, ideally, get in each other's
way: the HK hits the others then they run around and block his shots
long enough for you to get through the glide and away. This is about
a 50/50 shot overall; if the caco is in the wrong place or a spectre
doesn't get hit and decides to eat your face or the HK's shots get
through and kill you...there's nothing you can really do. Just quit
and retry. I am not great at the glide (I'm using the 'roll mouse
forward and waggle' technique) and for a fast run I want to do it
within max two secs, so I lose 95% of runs that make it this far here.

There's another error at the lost souls. My first strategy here was
just to run straight in and hope for some infighting while I blow
through with the SSG, but this strat *should* be safer and faster...
but I messed it up a bit. The idea is to wake them up, kill one and
injure the one behind it (on the right) immediately, dodge away to
pull them to the left, then run back out, kill the one remaining
damaged one on the right immediately, and run right by, hopefully
reaching the PE fast enough to stop his first lost soul actually
making it out of his mouth (this is very important). But I missed
the second SSG shot and had to wait for a reload here (was quite
lucky I didn't get killed while waiting), that's a 1.4 second loss.
The cacodemon is behind you along with one or two pinkies here, but
they leave you alone surprisingly often; I think maybe the caco hits
the pinky(ies).

The ending went very well on this run. As you're trying to get through
the door there's an arachnotron behind you with a bunch of hitscan
enemies behind *it*, and the PE is still back where you came from.
Ideally, the hitscanners hit the arachnotron and it turns around to
fight them, and one of the existing lost souls hits the PE while
you're squeezing past him so he doesn't fire like six lost souls at
you while the door is opening. If he does you just have to work round
them best you can. There's a stimpak to the left of the door which I
go for unless my health is *very* high, you barely lose any time, it
just runs a bit of a risk of getting the door blocked by lost souls.
The sergeants you just fire at and hope for the best, they usually
both die, if not, you hope like hell the surviving one doesn't hit you
too hard.

The very end is extremely frustrating as there are two chaingunners
behind the second to last door. You can only kill one of them without
losing any time. I tried not killing either and hoping they infight,
but it's very rare as when they're facing each other, your body is
between them. It also means running the last door 'properly' is
risky as the further you back away from it, the closer you are to the
surviving chaingunner. And there's a mancubus in the exit room, of
course, who can occasionally fire extremely quickly and fire his
random shot to your left, killing you as you run to the switch. I've
died on good runs six times here. I have a 0:34 where I stop to kill
the second chaingunner too as my health was just too low. Even in
this run I'm very lucky the surviving chaingunner misses at least two
shots entirely.

This run has about 2.4 seconds worth of clear errors, and it's a 31.26
so 0:29 is clearly there. With a perfect glide and cleaner running you
could probably get 26 or 27 even without trying the one-shot method on
the chaingunner corridor, or running straight through the first room
and hoping for crazy luck (it works about 1 in 20 tries). But when I
got a 0:34 I told myself I'd be happy with anything under 0:32, so I'm
uploading this one. :) While working on this run I got an 0:45, an
0:41, an 0:37 and an 0:34 - I'm including them all in case anyone's
interested.

Run with genuine DOOM2.EXE in dosbox on Linux.

Trivia: this run officially puts my speedrunning career over 20 years,
at 20 years and 4 days. My first COMPET-N run was 1998-07-03, this was
recorded on 2018-07-07.

Author: Adam Williamson
adamw@happyassassin.net
