This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry at Doom.Com.Hr

HR161016.TXT

 HR161016.ZIP

  HR161016.LMP - Ultra Violence 

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File HR.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Hell Revealed - Level 16 - The Path

  Kills    100%
  Items    100%           
  Secrets  100%  and Time = 10:16    (old record 12:47 by, uh, me)
                          
                          
  Description:   
  This demo was inspired by SAV88's magnificent HR22-451, and 
  particularly Ancalagon's remark afterward: "Looks like the hr tases 
  are the true goals to beat". My old record was getting pretty long
  in the tooth. And Alexander's 10:43 TAS on this level is a 
  particularly strange one: far too much SSG usage and an odd route
  with lots of backtracking and very little infighting.

  So I went to work. I took Alexander's idea for using the invuln, 
  and the rest is a mixture of his and my routes, just leaving the
  mancubus horde as long as possible. Unfortunately infighting on
  this level is heavily luck dependent, and so it took a lot of 
  grinding to slowly bring my times down to where they're nearing
  the TAS.
  
  Then I took a break, played the level a little -fast style, and got
  a couple of ideas for rejigging the route slightly. Came back to
  another recording session and in half an hour had this. Weird 
  because it looks loose - lots of rockets go flying past their targets, 
  the last minute is messy as heck. But I had some good luck at key 
  moments. And certainly never expected to beat the TAS by this much,
  so I'll take it. A sub 10:00 run is all yours guys :)
  
  Bonus run: a comedy outtake from a few days back on my older route.
  Have even more luck with infights in this run. But it turns into
  a slapstick comedy of errors as I keep hitting the wrong weapons key
  and making other blunders. The final punchline comes right at the 
  end...

  
  Chris "Ryback" Ratcliff
  ryback@gmail.com
  
