This is a .LMP for Yonatan Donner & Haggay Niv's "Hell Revealed"

HR22-936.TXT

 HR22-936.ZIP

  HR22-936.LMP - Ultra Violence

  Recorded using "DooM 2 - Hell Revealed"
  DooM2 -PlayDemo with "DooM 2 - Hell Revealed" 

  Hell Revealed - Map22 - Resistance is Futile

  Kills    101%
  (Items    88)         
  Secrets  100%  and Time  09:36
                           -----

Description:   Umn...strange thing. Back in 98' it took me forever to make 
               that (*ugly*) 09:43 here. Today I was going to inspect this
               level since I'm making a map for Alien Vendetta that is 
               inspired by this one. Well, I ended up watching my old lmp...
               After few mins I presse F10 "y", not taking the risk of getting
               motion-sickness from one of the most shaking godawefull demos
               I've seen in quite a while :) The time was decent enough...I
               was quite lucky with the infights and stuff...but on the visual
               part?? Bah...it would give Claudio nightmares :) So...I started
               playing it again, after all its on my top five map list, infact
	       I don't think any other level have given me this much maxkill
               fun. I was quite surprised to reach the exit after 30 mins of
               play or so, and only getting 10 secs behind my old time. Then 
               i took a break until later an tried again. Less then an hour 
               later I had this one...although few tries earlier I died in
               the final cyber battle with lmpc saying 8:33...damn, that one
               had some nice cyber-frags. Oh well. This one is not very fast
               imho. I loose alot of time with the yellowkey archeviles (door
               closing all the time, archie refusing to die from bfg, slow
               on picking up cells etc). Other slow parts include bluekey
               scene in the end (got fried twice...bah), and a fall into the
               slime pit. Its imo alot better visual though then the old demo.
               And I just did it for fun...so what the heck. In a more serious
               time-hunt I know I could bring it below 9 mins. Its a great, 
               great map...Yonatans best imo. All route-credits goes to Daniel
	       "Demonlord" Lidgren and Esko Koskimaa. Btw...I might do all my
               old HR demos over again...next would be map28 (or a -fast on
               map22). But someone should return to editing now....so, happy 
               dooming!
        

Note: 		Since this demo was recorded with HR.WAD, I suggest you drop
                by at http://www.geocities.com/Hollywood/4704/ and pick it up
                if you havn't already :)


Author:    Anders Johnsen
E-mail:    anders-johnsen@c2i.net    
Vissit:    