Opulent's Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://www.doomworld.com/sda/

THE (IMPROVED!) HELL REVEALED -FAST COLLECTION

Pwad:      Hell Revealed by Yonatan Donner and Haggay Niv
Pwad name: hr.wad
Maps:      all, excepting (23, 26, and 30)
Skill:     4
Category:  Fast 
Exe:       Doom2.exe

The times:      
---------------------
Map01            1:41
Map02            3:09
Map03            2:41
Map04            1:44
Map05            4:54 
Map06            5:21
Map07            5:23
Map08            4:35
Map09           13:35 
Map10            4:34
Map11           22:18 
Map12            6:55
Map13           26:11
Map14           16:44 
Map15           15:07
Map16           17:08 
Map17           16:54 
Map18           24:18
Map19            3:13
Map20           15:29
Map21            6:40
Map22           11:42
Map23           ----- 
Map24           22:45
Map25            4:04
Map26           -----
Map27            9:04
Map28            7:46
Map29           12:24 
Map30           -----
Map31            8:27
Map32            5:14


Author:    Chris "Ryback" Ratcliff
Email:     ryback@gmail.com

Comments:  

Okay, it's no secret that I like this megawad a lot. Some time back I
started recording some new -fast demos in my off time, and somehow
the idea arose that I should do an all-new -fast pack, improving all
my times from my last HR demopack. Well lethargy and impatience
eventually put paid to that idea, so some of the demos you'll see here
are pretty old. But not many. And all the times from the first pack
*have* been beaten. Quite a few of these demos are new records.

About halfway through recording all these, I got a better computer.
Unfortunately it has no DOS legacy sound drivers, so a lot of these
demos were recorded without sound. Maybe you'll be able to tell which
from watching - I don't remember which ones myself.

In my last text file I wrote, "Maybe I can give this PWAD a rest
for now..." Obviously that didn't turn out to be true :)

Okay, the level comments!


Map01: One of the 'older' demos here, this was a COMPET-N record
       when I recorded it in 2001. Could obviously have been improved,
       but it's a fairly boring level in my opinion. 
Map02: This one I'm annoyed about. I recorded a nice looking 2:41
       but stupidly managed to delete it, and instead you've got
       to suffer with this crappy pile of shit. There is nothing
       good to be said about this demo at all, and just releasing it
       could be considered an act of premeditated cruelty.
       Still, beats the time from my last pack.
Map03: Another old demo, also a COMPET-N record when it was recorded.
       Watching it again it seemed alright, and I didn't think I could
       make much of an improvement on it again. So here it is.
Map04: Would have been happy with a time under 1:40, but this will have
       to do. It's surprisingly hard trying to push the time on this
       level.
Map05: There are no really good routes on -fast for this level,
       and even taking things easily you're likely to take lots of
       punishment. As you can see things are really on a knife-edge
       in the early part of the demo, but it gets easier later.
       Experimental playing at the end. It's a new record, but
       nothing astounding.
Map06: Going sort of on the Anders route, or at least how I remembered
       Anders going. The start is nice and chaotic, but I wimp out later,
       this should certainly go below 5 minutes. Not a bad level really.
Map07: Damn, this level will teach you how to circle-strafe. When I first
       tried it the fast route I died and died and died. Took a lot of
       practice before I learnt the right techniques. Even so, it never
       went as well as in this demo, where I somehow went the whole first
       circuit without taking a single hit of damage. Rest of the demo is
       fairly smooth, if too relaxed to be near record pace.
Map08: I'm five seconds faster than Anders' excellent record here.
       Mostly his route, some things different here, some the same there.
       Risk of death is high throughout, and I run short of extra health
       as the end approaches...
Map09: I've just about gotten the hang of this level. As you can see,
       my Tysoning skills are pretty shithouse, but fortunately you
       don't need to do much punching in this level. And where you do,
       there's often cover that can be usefully exploited (eg, where
       I take out the imp and trooper group). Time is about a minute
       slower than Xit's record, which given Xit's general Tysoning
       excellence, I'm quite happy with.
Map10: A new record. This felt really fast and snappy to record. The best
       part of this level is the start, where you release a bunch of
       monsters and absolutely anything can happen. Thereafter
       it gets more reliable and you're not in much danger.
Map11: My old record had to be improved, it was just so boring. This demo
       could still be faster, mainly because the Cyber got distracted by
       a nearby wall and started firing rockets into it, instead of the
       Barons and Revenants above. 
Map12: The BFG on the Barons went badly. Otherwise things went fairly well,
       if a little strange at some points. New record.
Map13: I thought I would be able to improve this one, first of all because
       my time was barely any faster than Peo, secondly because I'd gotten
       scared in that recording and slowed down in the second half.
       Well, unlike most HR levels, this one doesn't get easier after
       you've gotten through the first half or so. It's tense right
       to the end, as this demo will certainly indicate :) Generally
       my play was stronger here, and a few lucky accidents
       allowed me to try some quick route speedups - eg the red key snatch :)
Map14: Pretty happy with this. Just letting the monsters fight it out,
       running through the route in the meantime. Jump to the BFG
       worked straight off, there weren't any health scares. Time is
       good, I think my last exit was around 24 minutes or so. 
Map15: The product of several exits, at last I got one where events
       worked in my favor. 3 minutes faster than Claudio.
Map16: Bit of a superfluous demo this, only two minutes or so faster than
       my last exit. Probably should have tried the max route here,
       though I'm scared of the archie/spider pit.
Map17: The start went very well, health in surplus and lots of infights.
       Most situations were controlled well, although I was lucky to
       escape the Archvile trap alive. The final stage was a little
       strange though... I needed a way to quickly kill the Mastermind.
       This worked, although it's somewhat chancy :)
Map18: Demo is okay, though the time could have been better. I had the
       idea of using the Cybie to clear out the revenants. As you can
       see this saved me some ammo and I didn't have to fire a shot at
       the Cybie, but maybe the time cost is too great? Anyway, happy
       with the demo.
Map19: Another oldie, this one from last year sometime. Claudio beat it
       of course, and I don't think I can beat his :)
Map20: This is actually the first demo recorded out of the new batch,
       so you can blame this level. It's exactly the same as my last demo,
       just faster. Beats the current (COMPET-N) record by half a minute.
Map21: Another old demo. This is a fun level, but I decided my 6:40 was
       too speedy to bother about beating again. 
Map22: Used a different tactic at the start - if you rush the first
       set of revenants with the BFG, then it gets slightly easier
       from then on. Things went pretty smoothly here, though the last
       lot of cybers took a while to die, and I forgot about the red
       key...
Map24: My first recording of this level was always too slow. Here
       the time is at least competitive, but a few little things go wrong
       and I don't play particularly aggressively. Under twenty minutes
       shouldn't be hard,
Map25: Last of the old demos. This is one of my hardest worked demos,
       so I wasn't going to worry about improving it :)
Map27: Another demo I'm very annoyed about. I have a couple of 7:30's
       with 98 or 99% kills, the problem is that blasted bloody
       imp teleporter. You just can't rely on it to work properly.
       In this demo I waste more than a minute just waiting for
       that imp nearby to teleport in. But the rest of the demo went
       fine, so here it is.
Map28: Played reasonably fast, but I'm not good at this level. You
       actually have to memorise routes and play intelligently to
       get a good time :)
Map29: Wanted to get this one back from Claudio, it's really a good
       level. Most of the run is solid, nothing spectacular, but
       I forgot how to get the cybers teleporting in at the end, which
       lost me about a minute. Nice exit though :)
Map31: Start section is always chaotic and unpredictable. Thereafter
       I just got relaxed and took things safe.
Map32: It's a pretty good time, most of the improvement over Anders comes
       from the fact that I don't keep going back to the first section
       for cell ammo. (You don't need that much). Taking out those Archies
       at the end is always luck based, here it seems easy.


