I've made a collection of tool assisted mostly pacifist demos over
the last week or so.  While making these demos I used a number of 
tricks that I don't think have been used before, so here is a little
document explaining them all.

if you haven't already, make sure you check out

Tool Assisted Speedruns
http://www.doomworld.com/tas - for the demos

Hell Revealed Homepage
http://www.geocities.com/Hollywood/4704/ - for hr.wad


The demos are:

Pwad:      Hell Revealed
Pwad name: hr.wad
Maps:      02 - 0.54 UV Pacifist (hr02-pa.lmp)
           03 - 2.30 UV Pacifist (hr03-pa.lmp)
           09 - 2.11 UV Pacifist (hr09-pa.lmp)
           14 - 2.06 UV Pacifist (hr14-pa.lmp)
           15 - 0.40 UV Pacifist (hr15-pa.lmp)
           16 - 2.26 UV Pacifist (hr16-pa.lmp)
           17 - 1.04 UV Pacifist (hr17-pa.lmp)
           18 - 2.42 UV Pacifist (hr18-pa.lmp)
           19 - 0.26 Nightmare Pacifist (hr19-pn.lmp)
           20 - 1.02 UV Pacifist (hr20-pa.lmp)
           29 - 1.57 Nightmare Pacifist (hr29-pn.lmp)
           30 - 0.15 Nightmare (hr30-nm.lmp)
           31 - 2.07 UV Pacifist (hr31-pa.lmp)
           32 - 0.52 Nightmare (hr32-nm.lmp)
           32 - 2.28 UV Pacifist (hr32-pa.lmp)      

Author:    Cameron Prosser
Email:    allgoodnamesrgon@hotmail.com 

Comments:  
Level 2
The major trick here is that the blue key is useless - the blue key door
is a normal door.  This makes the lvl possible pacifist style and helps
alot in nightmare. (Update - just downloaded a demo where Opulent used
this trick, still I'm suprised there are no other demos using this,
the lvl could be done 20-25 secs faster than the hrdq TAS demo.)
The switch near the start that raises the stairs to the exit is very 
easy once you know where it is.
If you hit the switch at the start you don't need to hit the switch after 
the blue key door but you do need to trigger a line just before the switch.
Have a look on a map editor (or automap IDDT) there are two lines near the 
switch, if you only trigger the 1st you can leave via the blue key door, and
you don't open that other room with monsters in it.

Level 3
Getting the yellow key at the start is actually pretty easy (OK not so easy
pacifist or nightmare).  Try facing the switch that raises the walkway to the 
YK then start moving backwards, hit the switch as you are moving backwards
then quickly turn around.  Hmm don't know if that makes sense but really it's 
not that hard, just practice with no monsters a couple of times.
Note the very easy way to get the soulsphere near the end

Level 6
Pacifist style = cannot deliberately crush monsters...what about braindead 
ones that keep walking under...

Level 7
Can anyone work out some obscure trick to complete this lvl pacifist style?
, it's the only level stopping me making a complete run through hr pacifist 
style.

Level 9
The red key can be 'grabbed' quite easily (strafe 40), like all keygrabs
you just need to find the right spot.  Saves about 20 secs.

Level 11
Theres a few AV and rocket jumps but nothing that really helps

Level 12
The beserk pack can be 'grabbed' through the wall, only saves about 1 sec 
though

Level 13
Arrgh, got the blue?(final) key the 1st time I tried pacifist style (non assisted)
but died a silly death andhave had no such luck since :-(

Level 14
Oohhhh.. so many tricks, quite easy pacifist style, especially if you take 
your time.  Grabbing the yellow key and getting past the AV is not too hard, 
it depends on your dexterity and how quickly the AV teleports...I probably get it 
1 in 3 tries.  You can trigger the AV teleport line near the key but not take the 
key.  This lets you get past the AV more like 4 out of 5 times but then you have 
to coax the AV and revenants out.
The AV jump to the red key is very easy, just don't let the imps hit your AV.  IMHO
this way beats mucking around in that small room with the cyber and it's a lot 
quicker.
The fastest way to complete the lvl is to get 2 AVs near the exit 
and get a double AV jump straight up onto the exit column...this may be possibly 
with the two AVs in the shotgun room.. but I haven't really tried. (Update - yes 
it is possible but rather tricky.)

Level 16
Pacifist style it is possible to get both keys in the one trip but I couldn't be
bothered wasting more than 2 hrs gettting past the mancubi without an invuln.

Level 17
The red key is another relatively easy strafe 40 keygrab saving maybe 10-15 seconds.

Level 18
Actually very easy pacifist style, once you get the three barons up the elevator 
the rest is trivial.

Level 19
Nice AV jump in my demo (hr19-pn) pretty acidental and I doubt it saves much time

Level 24
Yonatan suggested getting AV jumped to the last switch but it is quite easy with 
strafe 50 and interestingly enough you can 'wall run' along the chaingunners and 
make the jump with strafe 40 - kind of like the jump to the YK in doom2 map 26.
AV jumping to the end is quite easy - you probably need a double jump though.
It 'may' be possible to jump from the last switch to the other side of the end
area (where the cybies are).
This route is possible without the invulnerability but those arachnatrons are so 
damn annoying.

Level 28
Easy AV jump, best AV to use is the one to the left when you exit the 1st room.
14 secs is my best time here.  Note it is possible on nightmare just rather 
difficult.

Level 29
Once again the red key is grabbable, saving a fair bit of time. You don't even 
need to strafe to get this key, but you do need to know the exact position
Try not activating the switch in the room with 3 arachnotrons (near the second 
blue door) and then getting a triple AV jump up onto the half lowered pentagram 
at the end.  This requires a megasphere so it actually takes about 5 secs longer
but it would make a rather cool demo.
The 1st blue door is only keyed on one side like the exit door in doom2 lvl 28,
so monsters will open it for you, pretty useless though since you do need the 
blue key for the next door.

Level 30
Along with lvl 7, the only really impossible hr lvl pacifist style, but mabye 
you could get a friendly cyber onto the elevator with you... (and then again...maybe 
not).
PS...wanna beat a TAS time - instead of lowerering the elevator try AV jumping to 
it, even better fire some rockets mid AV jump....I haven't quite got this to work 
yet.  (Update: Now I have, hehe 15 secs on nightmare.  Update 2: spent half an hour
trying non-assisted, the AV jump is not too bad I just have trouble staying on the 
elevator afterwards... but then again I'm not real good at these end levels)
BTW I think this may only be possible on nightmare or with -fast to get all the AVs 
to attack you.

Level 31
The rocket jump at the end to the secret exit is very easy, with bit of luck and 
good placement of the rocket it is possible with 100 health and no armor.  IMO it's
easier than jumping on those damn sticks.

Level 32
Easier than it looks, even pacfist style.  I'm not sure what a good time is for this 
level, under 2 mins should be possible.  It all depends on how quickly your cybies
kill the revenants.  You can let the revenants in right at the start which is faster
but the cybies might die too early, but then again they really died a bit too soon in
my demo anyway.  The TAS -fast time must be beatable here, though I usually clear the 
first couple of rooms and waste too many megaspheres.  I did a rather lame (bad style)
TAS demo on -fast getting 100%kills/secrets in 4.40 pacifist style so who knows what's
possible...maybe when/if hr goes to compet-n.
