Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://doomedsda.us/

Pwad:      http://youfailit.net/pub/idgames/levels/doom/0-9/1fifwar3.zip
Pwad name: REoL TOUGH: Satan's School of Warfare [by George Fiffy]
Maps:      E1M1
Skill:     4
Category:  Max
Exe:       Doom.exe v1.9 (Ultimate Doom)

Time:      7:39

Author:    Eric "The Green Herring" Baker
Email:     eabaker@san.rr.com
HP:        http://disasterlabs.com/thegreenherring/
YouTube:   http://youtube.com/user/TheGreenHerring

Comments:  
More Fiffy action, this time with the fourth entry in the Total War portion of
the REoL Tough series, and the first such entry available on idgames/.  In this
one, you get to blow away a school where demons learn to, uh, be demonic.  Of
course, because this is a Total War level, there are 847 monsters.  In a way,
Fiffy's early levels are impressive.  He has quite a talent for filling levels
with hundreds and hundreds of monsters, all prepared to rip you apart on
sight... and then stuffing them so full of ammo that all of those monsters
become utterly worthless.  And if a lot of them are clustered together, as in
the Total War series, you can be certain that they'll rip each other apart if
they're left to their own devices.  Sadly, this level is no exception, with many
rooms stuffed with different kinds of monsters packed together.

More problems are in store, however.  For instance, the first secret, required
to access the rest of them, is impossible to reach without cheating with a level
editor for the same reason as the last secret in WAR3.WAD (from 1FIFWAR2.ZIP:)
accessing it requires you to press an invisible switch in a completely random
location.  (I point it out in my demos by punching it three times.)  Oh, and 
depending on when you hit that switch, you can end up blocking access to that
secret through no fault of your own.  See, the switch raises a bridge, and how
high that bridge can go depends on how high the bridge activated by a tripwire
in the same room is, as instead of making the secret bridge adjacent to the
walkway, Fiffy made both of the bridges adjacent to each other.  Therefore, if
the normal bridge hasn't fully risen yet when you hit the secret switch, the
section of the secret bridge right in front of the door will rise completely,
but the rest of the bridge won't, which can prevent you from reaching the
secret depending on how low it stops.  I've included a demo in which this bug
occurs, entitled WAR4BUG1.LMP.  If you think this is just limited to speed
demos, I've had a few unrecorded runs where the secret bridge stopped /just/
short of allowing me to get there.

It's also possible to block yourself from completing the level if you get a
little too carried away with speedrunning.  In the cafeteria, you can open the
window of the counter with the red key from either side.  From the nearest
table or chair, you can jump onto the counter and get the red key.  Should you
then jump down behind the counter, deliberately or by accident, you can never
escape from the kitchen without using the noclip cheat, as the secret door into
the kitchen cannot be opened from the outside.  Fiffy could've at least made
the door openable from that side, but given the linedef on that side the
"Secret" flag.  That flag makes the linedef appear as a normal wall no matter
what, but it also prevents monsters from activating any linedef they can
normally use while allowing them through if the path is open.  He could've made
that side of the door "Secret" while still keeping it "Hidden," as the linedef
will retain its effects even if it's hidden from the automap, but now, I can
only wonder.  I included a demo of this bug, too, entitled WARBUG2.LMP.  Maikl
already included a demo ending with this bug with his own max demo as
NO_WAY.LMP, but mine has the additional function of showing that you can pull
off the shortcut with /regular/ running, rather than just straferunning.

And if you happen to be wondering if you'll get in trouble for playing this on
account of it being a school map... don't be afraid.  This level barely even
/resembles/ a school, with the "classrooms" lacking such standard features as
/chairs/ as the result of 1) the poor quality of the editing tools of the time,
2) the limits of vanilla Doom mapping (especially with the aforementioned
low-quality editing tools,) and 3) the incompetence of George Fiffy.  The only
other hint towards the fact that this takes place in a school is the custom
music (a first for REoL Tough,) which is a short and simplistic MIDI conversion
of Pink Floyd's hit song, "Another Brick in the Wall (Part II)," off of their
classic album, "The Wall," created by a guy named Mike Slusher.  While the song
is an undeniable part of the rock music pantheon, and appropriate to a school
setting (it's about school kids rebelling against their abusive teachers, after
all,) it's not particularly suited for Doom, and even /less/ suited for a
slaughtermap created a year before Dario Casali released PUNISHER.WAD, two
years before Hell Revealed popularized the concept, and long before the word
"slaughtermap" was even coined.  Nowadays, with the vastly superior editing
tools available, and with the engine's limits overcome by source ports, you
could theoretically create a realistic school map with custom textures and a
slew of modern editing features, but don't expect to get away with it in this
post-Columbine world.

As for the demo itself, I gain 4 minutes and 15 seconds over Maikl through
numerous time-savers.  For example, most of the time, whereas Maikl waits until
he's killed everything in a given room before moving on, I wait on the
slaughter until I'm sure I won't be visiting those rooms anymore.  This is a
first exit, and I'm sure this can be improved further.  However, I beat my
target time of 8:30 by well over a minute, so I feel this is satisfactory
enough.  Enjoy!

- Eric "The Green Herring" Baker -
- eabaker@san.rr.com -
- November 9, 2009 -

P.S. My unrecorded exit times were 10:48, 9:55, and 8:42, in that order.
