Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://doomedsda.us/

Pwad:      http://youfailit.net/pub/idgames/levels/doom/0-9/1fiffy.zip
Pwad name: REoL TOUGH: Hell on earth [by George Fiffy]
Maps:      E1M1
Skill:     4
Category:  Speed / Max
Exe:       Doom.exe v1.9 (Ultimate Doom)

Time:      1:09 (UV speed)
           3:29 (UV max)

Author:    Eric "The Green Herring" Baker
Email:     eabaker@san.rr.com
HP:        http://disasterlabs.com/thegreenherring/
YouTube:   http://youtube.com/user/TheGreenHerring

Comments:  
Ah... George Fiffy, also known as King REoL.  He's quite likely the most
notorious figure in the Doom community.  He's gotten himself banned from
Doomworld and Newdoom multiple times, and he even butted heads with
SomethingAwful a few years ago, all because he's a serious egomaniac.  According
to Doom Underground, this was very apparent on his former homepage (fragged by
the recent shutdown of AOL's site-hosting service,) featuring numerous rambling
essays, where he, /with a completely straight face,/ called himself "the
Metallica of DooM."  A few months ago, he returned to Doomworld... and in the
last few days, he's posted some rather lame threads, including several created
to demonize the current President of the United States (violating Godwin's Law
in the process,) and fellow countrymen who hold beliefs traditionally described
in America as "liberal," in an over-the-top and misinformed manner.  In other
words, not only is he an egomaniac, he's a walking stereotype of American
conservatism.  That's not what we're going to discuss here, though.  What we're
going to discuss is his first level, and the demos I recorded on it, inspired
by those stupid threads.

His first level, to put it lightly, is awful.  No attempt has been made to
ensure that the textures are aligned correctly; most of the level is drab and
perfectly flat; and most of all, there's way, /way/ too much ammo.  Not only is
every last ammo item in this level a box, but there are a few rooms set aside
specifically for stuffing to the brim with ammo boxes, along with three separate
backpacks in regularly accessible areas (with two of them in close proximity to
each other.)  In short, if you play your cards right, /you can never run out of
ammo no matter how badly you do./  It gets even worse when you open the blue
door to take on the first cyberdemon... and you find that the room is
practically /flooded/ with cell packs and rocket boxes.  Along with a plasma
gun, a BFG, two supercharges, and /two invincibility spheres./  Seriously, how
horribly do you have to suck at Doom to need /that/ much to take on a lone
cyberdemon!?

Of course, that's if you find the blue key in the first place.  You might not
find it at all unless you cheat with the automap or a level editor; it's behind
a secret door set behind a hollow fence with nothing to hint toward the fence
being hollow in the first place.  Speaking of secret, only 50% Secrets is
possible on this map, which Fiffy actually mentions in his text file, after
which he goes on to say he can't figure out why this is so.  This is because
two of the four secret flags are placed on sectors which are not used in the
level, which points directly to his level editor failing to properly delete
them.  He doesn't mention what editor he used, so I'm left wondering if it was
DEU or some other level editor of the time period.

Overall, this is a pitiful mess that can be completed far too easily, despite
the text file's statements to the contrary.  There's a remake of this level by
Steve Robinson from 2000 (1FIFRMX.WAD) which turns it into something awesome,
but that will have to wait for later.  For now, have these two UV demos.  In
the max demo, I open almost every door in the room before moving on in order to
get some infighting going and save rockets.  My first completion time today was
4:52, before I tried that in another run, inspired by an idgames/ review comment
by Coldfusio, and got 3:39.  I played this level before, but it was quite some
time ago, and it took a bit of time to remember and improve upon the max route I
devised when I first played it.  When recording started, I got 3:50 (!) before
my next successful exit got me 3:29.  As for the UV speed demo, you don't need
the blue key to win the level, but using it is the fastest way to get from the
yellow key to its door.  My first exit in this discipline was 1:15, before I got
1:09 in the demo.

- Eric "The Green Herring" Baker -
- eabaker@san.rr.com -
- June 6, 2009 -
