Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://doomedsda.us/

Pwad:      http://ftp.mancubus.net/pub/idgames/levels/doom2/megawads/pl2.zip
Pwad name: Plutonia 2
Maps:      24 ("Outpost of the Evil Dead" by Erik Alm)
Skill:     4
Category:  Speed
Exe:       Doom2.exe v1.9 (Final Doom version)

Time:      0:19

Author:    Eric "The Green Herring" Baker
Email:     eabaker@san.rr.com
HP:        http://disasterlabs.com/thegreenherring/
YouTube:   http://youtube.com/user/TheGreenHerring

Comments:  
Earlier, I did a demo on Sam Woodman's silly one-level demo wad from the first
iteration of Plutonia 2, the second iteration of which I contributed music to,
and helped finish by the end of 2008.  Then, as demos started pouring in for
Plutonia 2 proper, I decided to make my first-ever Plutonia 2 demo release,
which is thus a far better candidate for my first demo of 2009.

Of course, it's for the level that uses my favorite song out of the ones I
composed for the project.  Hearing only the first nineteen seconds of it,
however, is admittedly quite unfair. ;)

I found this jump near the end of Plutonia 2's development, and when I asked
about it, it turned out Vincent Catalaá added it in.  It's an interesting trick,
but it does have its downsides: If any enemy hits you in mid-dash, you can count
on your jump failing outright.  Oh, and if one of the imps walks near the edge
of the farthest platform, don't expect your second jump to succeed.  In other
words, this is a luck-based run.  Which promptly becomes worse when you have to
slip through both a mancubus and a cyberdemon.  Yeah.  My first exit was a :21
demo, followed by a :20 demo, and finally this :19 run.  I spent at least an hour
trying to improve it, but ultimately, I gave up and decided that breaking :20 was
good enough.

Incidentally, this is one of the only levels that made it to the second iteration
from the first.  Most of the rest were scrapped because of how shitty they were.
Having tried to play the old version myself, I have to say this was a wise
decision.

- Eric "The Green Herring" Baker -
- eabaker@san.rr.com -
- January 5, 2009 -

P.S. Fun fact: As of this writing, I have never completed this level the way it
was intended.  Go figure.
