Pwad: pl2.wad
Pwad name: Plutonia 2
Maps:      25 (Black Ice)
Skill:     4
Category:  UV Max
Exe:       PRBoom+ v2.5.0.5 -complevel 4

Time:      7:46

Author:	   eschdoom
Email:     eschdoom@whatisblueandfurry.com

Comments:
An awesome map with some awesome music and the same goes for the rest of this megawad.
One of the few maps remaining without a demo.
On first playing this map you may find the start quite frustrating.
Being shredded by chaingunners or crowded by demons and cacos.
I tried various ideas but found simply running straight for the SSG without shooting
then jumping back out of the window and trying to promote some infighting with the 
arachnotrons and cacos seems to work best (infighting needed to conserve shells).
In the second area it pays to get the arch-viles to weaken the barons and hks.
For me the most frustrating part of the whole map is the 1st cyber. For a fast time you
have to get it to infight with the monsters that teleport in to the start area.
Also before you can leave the area you have to wait for it to go through the door.
Many times I died or just had to quit at that point.
After that if you are lucky (like I was) the last two cybies will infight.
I had a number of runs 8:00 -> 8:10 but I wanted < 8:00 and eventually I got it.
I know for a fact that this could be at least 30 seconds faster.

This demo illustrates two problems I found with the map:

1) At map co-ordinates (-16, -1132) the player should be standing on sector 268 but the
engine resolves to sector 328.
If you stand at that position you fall down into an illusio pit and this is what usually
happens to the revenant in that area (as can be seen).
This is a case where using software rendering helps (the revenant can be seen in the floor).

2) Sectors 428 and 429 house 6 revenants that should teleport in to the start area when the
blue key is collected. However (as can be seen with iddt) for some reason they don't.
This doesn't always happen though, sometimes they do teleport.
So unfortunately I was deprived of a true max with this demo only 250/256 monsters killed.

It is also possible to get the all ghosts problem happening sometimes at the start of the map.

No advanced HUD (normal status bar used).
