Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://doomedsda.us/

My demos in DSDA 
http://doomedsda.us/player269lmps.html

My YouTube page:
http://www.youtube.com/user/blob1024

------------------
	
Iwad:      Plutonia.wad
Pwad:      Pl2.wad
Pwad name: Plutonia 2
Map:       28
Skill:     Ultra Violence
Category:  Uv-Max
Port used: PrBoom+ 2.5.1.4
Time:      11:48
Complevel: 4
Author:    blob1024 aka Adramelk
Email:     adramelk1024@yahoo.it
Date:	   05/02/2012

------------------


Comments:

A long but linear (quite uncommon for map28/29 and secret ones actually) level with tons of challenging rooms. The majority of the toughest are placed in the first half so this doesnt turn the level into a true pain luckily. A good time here means most likely a "clean" run, without mistakes and good cell distribution, since there are enough and enough ways to die stupidly if the playing is too reckless. Actually after my first exit in 13:00 I had a second in 12:01 but I wanted to keep improving. But getting this sub12 took a whole day or almost: I died 7-8 times in the large arena and after that, when basically the level and its dangers were about to finish. Mostly it was stupid mistakes, or unlucky hooming missiles ganking me with no armour, or the first cyber killing me once I came back to him. I had decided to leave the first cyb alive and kill him with BFG on the way to the exit, but 90% of times the cyb moved all the way back to the start of the level, making me lose more time than i'd gain everytime. I only once had him right at the yellowkey door, but as I opened with haste the door, I had 3 rev missiles on my back and the cyb fragged me before the door was even fully opened.. I can't see how more than 1 minute can be cut here, so sub10 is out of reach for me in this level as well. I'm a bit angry that my faster attempts couldnt reach the exit here, but I'm really  looking forward a new map now, too many ruined attempts. DSDA record was 14:19 by bowserknight, I guess I saved enough time during whole run using mose wisely the rockets and cells avaiable. In particular in the arena decent infighting can help a lot. In this run 2 barons were stuck and didnt damage the cybs and a few other monsters didn't cooperate as wanted, but the time is okay.