Doomed Speed Demos Archive
http://doomedsda.us/

My demos in DSDA 
http://doomedsda.us/player269lmps.html

My YouTube page:
http://www.youtube.com/user/blob1024

------------------
	
Iwad:      Plutonia.wad
Pwad:      Pl2.wad
Pwad name: Plutonia 2
Map:       33
Skill:     Ultra Violence
Category:  Uv-Max
Port used: PrBoom+ 2.5.1.4
Time:      08:51
Complevel: 4
Author:    blob1024 aka Adramelk
Email:     adramelk1024@yahoo.it
Date:	   05/01/2012

------------------


Comments:

Chocolate. No idea why this name, beside the brown wood-theme texture used :) Anyway a pretty exciting and challenging map !I must confess at first glance it looked very clear and simply designed compared to other TGH's maps. But the gameplay is absolutely unique. in order to beat the level with a decent time, you must cross your path with dozen of knights and revenants, while imps  should usually fall as soon as they get in the way. In casual runs the map is very easy, but if you don't clean up all the enemies as they appear, the game starts to be harder. Time-wise is a good idea to try escape the first part of the level and leave some of the monsters behind, and doing so resulting trapped is common here. The cyberdemon can help just a little in clearing, since you can't leave 2 much behind or you 'll be punished for every slight un-accurate movement. I had most of the my failed attempts in the first 2minutes, once you are out of the yellowkeydoor, you've done the risker part imho. The rockets were mainly used for mancubus and to clear grouped monsters, while SSg was for the rest. All the caged enemies will be slaughtered by the traps splatting them btw. A very well balanced map. After the first attempts, I decided to get a sub10, but it came so early that I then aimed for something better. After an exit in 9:19 I aimed for a sub9 and this is what I obtained. I tried to get something closer to 8 and half, but in promising attempts I exited in low 9:xx so the time shouldn't be *that* bad now.