WAD: Scythe
MAP: MAP15: Blood Bath
Time: 0:31.77
Added Engine: prboom-plus v2.5.1.3
Recorded on: August 24, 2017
Category: nomo 100
-complevel 2

Another map that stuck out to me for nomo 100, this time from the original Scythe.

This was pretty fun to do, though there are quite a few jumps that have to go right, which can be frustrating when they don't want to work.
First is the jump to the first secret, which is easy. It can be easy to hit the wall away from the teleporter and waste some time getting there,
so I'm glad everything went well there.

Next comes the SR50 jump to the YSK platform that 4shockblast and I had discussed while he was working on sc15o008. It's a pretty easy SR50 jump, but
when setup time is sacrificed, it becomes a bit more of a leap of faith. This is the jump that definitely made me restart the most.

Third is the jump from YSK platform to the hallway leading to the secret exit. This is again an easy jump, but the southwestern pillar makes it a little
more difficult to do quickly with no setup. From there, it's on to the second secret. I trigger the lift as early as possible to save as much time as possible.

After the second secret, I then jump across the SSG pedestal into the hallway for normal exit. I wondered if it'd be possible to SR50 jump the whole way 
through there, but the gap seems to be wide or there's just not enough room to do it, it seems. Too bad, because the run would be a bit easier if I could
do it. Jumping into the hallway itself is really easy, thankfully. I did have a couple of runs where I didn't trigger the lift as early as possible, which
made those times 32.xx. Here, I got it pretty quickly.

Jumping from the lift out the other window is also easy, but I did screw it up a couple of times due to impatience. From there, thankfully there are no more
jumps and the rest of the map is straightforward to the exit. There is a bump after teleporting to the soulsphere, but oh well. I'm just happy to have 31
after getting 32 quite a few times.

--Doomdaniel95