Pwad: scythe.wad   
Map:      24
Skill:     4
Category:  UV-Tyson
Exe:       GLBoom+ v2.5.1.3
Time:      1:06:56

-complevel 2

Author:	   j4rio


A hard map in tyson, filled to the brink with stressful scenarios. There's 0 armor, relatively few soulspheres and 80 bullets, so resources are 
rather limited as well. The first problem with distant mancs was solved by luring all goats to the starting platform so they could properly 
infight. They still couldn't target all mancs on the right side of cage, so that's when I lured goats back out of the starting  platform. This 
is where the problem with those mancs becomes apparent. They suck at infighting. I have to repeatedly prod and lure goats  away from them so 
they could land a distant shot that actually connects. With this taken care of, our next target are barons on sticks that are constantly 
targeting you. We use cyberdemon to make one of them angry by standing at a very precise spot for splash damage to hurt the first. This should 
eventually trigger a splash chain reaction and make at least 1 or 2 more barons on sticks angry with cyber. The next destination is awakening 
the content of upper rev hideout. This is the first truly luckbased bit, because to get out one has to squeeze through two barons rammed into 
tiny space. It's important no noise was done up here. Now we wait for revs to take out barons. One unfortunately went to sleep from all the 
infighting so I had to make another tour to the upper platform. Now we can make noise in there. This wakes up a dozen or so cacos. These are 
lured around area to take out remaining mancs and stationary barons. The most important ones to take out are those two that can target you all 
around the place. Once taken out, cybers takes care of all remaining cacos. The next ugly luckbased part begins - the archvile. Yeah, I haven't 
even mentioned that you are being targeted by a vile with really good visibility scope while doing everything here up to this point. It's out of 
reach, so we use up all of bullets this map provied. It must die within 79 bullets, one is required for secret trigger. I don't know the math 
for that, but that is not a guaranteed amount of bullets for a kill, so even if all shots connect perfectly, you can end up restarting here. I 
haven't even mentioned that this is all in case you don't miss a single pistol shot. Unfortunately, we can't do the archvile kill any sooner into 
the run, because we are being targeted by all stationary barons and mancs screwing with our mojo when the only thing that should matter is being 
doubly-sure we are connecting every shot. With all this taken care of, we get the aforementioned secret. It's triggered by landing a pistol shot 
at a demon face while falling from upper section. This reveals two spiders, berserk and soulsphere. We didn't need berserk up to now, as every
encounter revolves around either infighting or pistol. We need to take out those spiders. I've just straight up punched them up, because to me
that seemed like the least amount of trouble necessary to go through to take them out. Afterwards, the revenant content has to be thinned out a
bit. I do this by luring them onto the elevator and lowering them down chunk-by-chunk to become cyber food, so this takes quite a while. Up next,
barons guarding BFG are revealed. We must use up the short time when this infight happens to grab radioactive suit, move up the cyber platform 
without feasting on a rocket, punching out all demons rammed here and then a vile that raises from the ground. This teleports in a spider mom.
Since we are no longer protected from lava by a radioactive suit, the only way I could think of to proceed was to make these two leftover bosses 
infight by just yoloing it out, jumping out the window in front of mommy and wait until a rocket gets blasted into its end. The cyber dies and
the ugliest part of the map is up. We reveal a vile from the exit and what happens next can be summed up as instigating absolute chaos to devour
moms and then trying not to be consumed by it as well. I got ridiculously close to being wasted in the process. The cherry on the top is that 
this monstrosity is the very last fight of the map.  