Pwad: scythe.wad   
Map:      27
Skill:     4
Category:  UV-Tyson
Exe:       GLBoom+ v2.5.1.3
Time:      1:07:56

-complevel 2

Author:	   j4rio


I wasted quite a while with this last year, then eventually abandoned it, because
the whole thing was a little too barf for my tastes. 

Back then, I had a ridiculous route here that involved bullet harvesting in horrible
spots, fisting the lone cyber in a hallway immediately after it's revealed to preserve
those precious viles and chaingunners, taking out those 4 barons guarding BK head-on 
inside that tiny room and in the end using up 1200+ bullets for cyber triplets. Final 
time would be most likely over 2 hours. As a bonus, the map has no armor.

Fast-forward to today. I haven't touched doom in months and just randomly figured I 
could do something prosperous. The bad news is I suck horribly now. The good news, 
however, is that my cheese detector is still in sufficient shape. Instead of all that 
bullshit mentioned above, I had an heureka moment that basically cheesed the entire
map. No bullet economy this time whatsoever. Instead of coupling viles with chainers,
I noticed a vile revealed behind blue bars once you collect BK could cause serious
damage. Making it infight cybers is easy thanks to the riot shield windowpane at
the starting position. Then I thought I could try luring some more viles straight to 
the cyber trio, becuase the entire map is freely traversible for them. I chose the
duo guarding RK, because they are relatively close to the starting position through
which I make them angry at cybers. This luring process creates an additional problem
regarding corpses of all other inhabitants. I have to make sure everything dies off
the main path of those viles, otherwise you run into uncomfortable situations. 

The whole section once I unleashed those viles at cybers went laughably bad. One vile 
has immobilised itself somehow, the other two decided to run up the stairs up to cybs
and suicide themselves. I considered aborting the attempt on the spot, but figured I'd 
ride this one out until the end. Against all odds, it did work out. Funnily enough, 
this effortless cheese is notably faster than my previous heroic route.
Work smarter, not harder. 