Pwad: scythe.wad   
Map:      29
Skill:     4
Category:  UV-Tyson
Exe:       GLBoom+ v2.5.1.3
Time:      1:42:50

-complevel 2

Author:	   j4rio


I've never looked at this map in more depth until now, partly because it seemed nauseating
just to consider doing, let alone actually doing, but wasn't all too bad now that I judge
it in retrospect. Map geometry unveils heaps of unobvious possibilities and out-of-the-box
solutions to encounters when you prod it just enough. 

Routing this was the toughest nut to crack. Sure, you have berserk available straight from
the get-go, but the map houses 6 cybers - 3 separate loners and one trio teleporting to the 
central platform. You can somewhat comfortably punch out RK cyber, less comfortably the one
which guards exit platform, absolutely out of question YK cyber and I'm not even going to
attempt to judge those triplets.

The obvious, but not exactly thrilling solution to cyber overload are archviles. There is 
one closed-off vile housed on a platform right above the cyber trio. Nooking out of a window 
in the house with RK can force this guy to infight with the trio, horrifically slowly chipping 
away their health. It would take around hour and a half for them to die this way. What's worse, 
presence of those guys hampers progress and you can't really accomplish any multitasking until 
they are out of the picture. I'm not even mentioning that the vile can simply die from splash 
damage in case cybers get too trigger-happy. Luring more ground level viles is a futile effort. 
You would be able to add one to the mix at most before they're wiped out by rocket barrages. 

Fortunately, another heureka moment in a form of stationary revenant turret came to the rescue.
I figured out there's a possibility to lure his homing missles straigh at cyber infested square.
Even better, you can actually get every angered cyber stuck in a corner of that square. If it
sounds too good to be true, that's because it is. There was an ugly dreamcrushing moment when I 
realised the turret guy is not so perfectly out of reach as he seems. If a homing ball interrupts 
a cyber in an upper right corner of his personal space mid-barrage, all rockets targeted rev's way 
will harm him. As the poor AI tries to handle the situation, the cyber eventually moves away from 
a spot where he can target revenant and remains incapacitated on the other side. The problem is, 
however, that incapacitating all 3 cybers this way leaves too little room for them to roam and 
sooner or later a cyber will find his way to the side of square from which the rev can be taken 
out.

Another heureka moment to the rescue! More revenant turrets, yay! The revenant twins occupying
a hole in a building you're supposed to enter at the start are the final solution to the dilemma. 
Luring their balls leaves cybers completely incapacitated on the side of square from which the 
turret one can be targeted, so this way you can protect the guy from unwanted rockets. You can't, 
however, push cybers incapacitated this way to the corner of the room where you deliver the final 
fisting, but a combination of these two makes this very reliable and doesn't take 2 hours to set 
up. This takes care of the scariest looking obstacle rather easily and most importantly, fast.

With this part solved, there's still a lot of filth to plow through. Another extra important part 
is the building with RK. It's the perfect spot for bullet mining. You've got a bunch of chainers 
occupying it, a vile and a nice view from safe distance. You can lure additional freely roaming 
viles here, although getting them to squeeze through the awkward opening is actually super scary. 
Overall, with this section in mind, you can harvest just enough ammo for all cybers and turrets
easy. Now, it's up to personal preference whether doing this is safer than cyber punch-outs. I'd
say I find this approach less stressful and go for it whenever it's available. In this particular
case, though, it's possible that simply going for a punch-out or two might actually be a preferable 
approach. I don't know. I just didn't really feel like considering this other than as a last resort.

Now, to actually be able to accomplish the bullet mining, you need archviles. The problem is, two
are slapped straight in your face as you try to leave the first building. This took me so long to
figure out, and it's still uncomfortably volatile. The start is an absolute hell because of this.
Those viles are the definition of freedom. They can go anywhere, anytime and you can't simply just 
shrug them off. There is no way to simply deposit them anywhere, no empty rooms that you can use as
your own personal dungeon to lock them in. Author also made a lot of anti-ghost measures and left
majority of doors opened permanently after first use. The only other option I didn't even realise 
I have for quite a while was accomplishing this through infights. If something sufficiently out of 
reach was to anger them, it would do the neutralising job just fine.

This all looks fine on paper, but practically speaking, this is a hell of a demanding task. The 
first candidate for vile neutralising was the exit cyber. It's the only cyber available straight up
from the start. The problem is, he is so high up there that instigating this infight from ground 
level is just plain impractical. You can't really force this with brute force either, as there's a
number or arachnotrons roaming the place, ready to neuter any infights you are trying to instigate.
There was an unobvious possibility here waiting to be uncovered. You can accomplish this particular
infight from different angle, using an opening in a building with BK occupied by a manc. Using cyb's 
splash damage as he hits the wall can trigger this infight. Thanks to map geometry of this section, 
any viles lured here are likely to remain temporarily deposited here long enough to circumvent the
area and get to the sweet infight instigating spot. This solution has notable drawbacks, though. For
one, getting to the spot with BK is really rough. You need to go up a lift where you get surrounded
by a heap of sarges and two mancs in horrible tiny room instantly. Health is a luxury, so just going 
kamikaze here was detrimental to the overall progress. The second huge problem arises when you try
to introduce a concept of continuity to your thinking. There are two free roaming viles and it will
take quite a few barrages to get them both angry. You will not make them both infight simultaneously.
Here's the problem - those awkward columns blocking majority of cyb's vision will harm anything that
is standing around them. When one vile gets angry, all those shots aimed at surrounding geometry will
harm that vile and it will most likely die from all the splash before you get a second vile angered.
This was enough problems to scrap the idea for now and get back to the drawing board.

The other option, which ended up being the solution I deployed in successful attempt, was using one
of mancubus turrets. There's roughly a dozen of these dudes all over various platforms. The pair I
mentioned above guarding progress to BK is out of the question, because you need them dead before
any progress can happen, and for additional practical purposes, like evading waking up additional
sleeping arachs, only 5 of them are the main contenders - 4 guards of BK bridge and the lone one
occupying BFG secret platform. The chosen one ended up being the BFG manc, as this guy provided the
most advantageous position and utilizing him turned out to be the least demanding. You still have
to do some work for it, simplify the starting position and do some targeted cleaning up. The ideal
spot to make those viles infight is the small empty area next to the starting building with clear
view at the manc. It is basically the only section where that manc has any clear view, so you need
to do it here. Issues hampering this are obvious and need to be adressed. Namely, one arachnotron
is in plain sight in this area, another one behind the starting building and a heap of revenants
are on a platform right in front of you, making this rather uncomfortable to do right away. All of
these need to be taken care of before anything happens. There is also a very high probability that 
an infight between that manc and a rev can happen, which is absolutely undesirable, so keeping away
from this spot is essential until all of this is taken care of. Remaining behind the starting
building has the additional benefit of keeping those viles inside without coming out, but the very
instance you move a little too far away, they will both immediately storm out. You simply cannot
move far away from the starting building to set this up, otherwise it's not going to work and the
imminent chaos when those viles roam outside is too much to handle casually. Even grabbing berserk
is way too risky, but it's not necessary right away, because your main weapon will have to be
infights anyway. With starting section clear of these obstacles, you can carefully extract each 
vile and carefully do the job of neutering them. This way you'll have them nicely deposited out 
of the view for the time being. No good idea is without a downside, and the same case applies here.
Those viles CAN actually target this mancubus, but it's a really really unlikely to happen. So long
as he keeps bouncing around his personal space back and forth, he is basically invincible. However,
he is slighly vulnerable when he shoots and remains firmly standing on one position for a few secs,
which is more than enough time to receive a vile blast from below. This is still unlikely, but given
that you'll be spending a substantial amount of time in the map, you are on a ticking clock with not
so certain threshold of shit hitting the fan and suddenly having to deal with two free-roaming viles.
Even worse, he is dangerously close to the spot where ammo harvesting happens and if he manages to
blast a meaty monster there, it's game over. 

When you finally achieve this desired starting position with viles temporarily deposited, you can
make some progress deeper into map. The ugly room with sarges and with entrance blocked by mancs can 
be simplified now. Those mancs may die from spider infights I mentioned previously, another third 
spider from behind the central square can be lured here, or you can simply waste bullets. It's an 
acceptable bullet sponge, because you get to preserve a lot of health this way. Sarges are no longer
a problem now. You can just blitz out of the hot room to safety. Some preparations outside included 
awakening of the spider couple around exit area (they can't traverse all over the map from here and
are basically forced to remain in this section) and a bunch of hellknights behind bars leading up
to the RK and the bullet harvesting spot, so they move into the upper part of room. Few simple 
punch-outs through the BK building later, we get to the part I've already devoted a wall of text for, 
the opening with a manc platform housing BK. I use this opening for a not as groundbreaking purpose
of making one of the spiders I woke up earlier angry. This way you can take them out one-by-one and 
do so in a corner where their corpses aren't in plain sight once a rabid vile gets to roam around.
One spot I omitted mentioning in BK building is the platform with plasma gun housing one revenant.
At this point, it's absolutely essential not to walk onto it and trigger an undesirable encounter.
This will be explained later on. 

Now, the entire idea with the exit cyber angering a vile wasn't actually discarded. It was merely 
postponed. It might seem like a waste of time bothering with this now that both viles are already
incapacitated, but there was one little tiny tidbit I left out of the entire picture. This cyber can
actually be targeted by an angry vile from below. It's no onslaught by any means, it's still a weird
angle for proper vileblasting, but it's not something to entirely ignore either. Given the ridiculous
while one spends inside the map, this damage does actually matter. It has additional bonus value, too.
Now those viles are separated, and if the BFG manc happens to die, you only get to deal with one roamer.
There was a little failure with the setup here in the successful demo. While luring the vile, I kinda
failed properly luring it and it took a turn to the corner of the map with spider corpses, although it
has fortunately revived only one. I would probably just terminate the attempt if it revived both. In
the very end, when the exit cyber got pistolled, notice how he ate up only about a hundred or so bullets
before kicking the bucket. The damage here obviously mattered, despite the fact that it was stretched 
out to over roughly 80 minutes of clumsy frying.

The next step is BK room. This is the first sudden-death part. It's overfilled with heavy meat in tiny
space. Now, there was an option to do it carefully, slowly luring all monsters out of the room, but this
had an undesirable side effect of littering outside section with corpses, something you really want to
prevent when you'll be having a chase with viles there later on, when the time comes for investing in
bullet mining economy. So it was handled head-on, almost killing me in the process. The thing to keep in
mind here are two turret mancs visible from the upper floor. They can only die from infights or bullets,
so it's worth it to have them infight some leftover goats. Those mancs need to be taken out, as this is 
the spot where you'll be chilling when the bullet multiplication happens.

Room with RK is next. The upper floor is now flooded with HKs you woke up earlier and a bunch of other
meat. A lot of the meat is asleep, so the first step is waking everything up. There is a trigger that
spawns in the fabled cyber trio, that's activated when you move up from ground level through the tiny 
corridor right about when you get sighted by a pain elemental. This guy gets bum rushed, you don't want
him fumbling around the map at any costs. Then you blitz out and make all awakened meat infight through
the sweet spot that was so hardly fought for in BK room. That cyber trio seriously hampers free movement
around the map, though, so entering BK room is no longer free cheese and you need to actually fight for
it. Then I repeat the whole process and also wake up a vile that was sleeping there the entire time. The
first bullet harvesting happens now, as no other progress through the map is available.

When the first chaingun manufacturing process is over, the progress can happen. This progress is in a 
form of window in this building. You can't reach this window when all the meat blocks the way. It's the 
same fabled window I've talked about through which cheese can happen. There are other benefits to this 
window, even if cheesing those cybers isn't the point right now. That vile that gets angered this way 
is actually the special forces sniper, completely negating chances of any further progress and making any
movement around risky up to this point, likely even being the reason for many restarts when you try to set
up infights at the start of the map and when you try to snatch berserk from its spot. To be able to actually 
incapacitate those cybers with revenants, this vile must be taken care of first. Only after that the cyber 
extermination can take place. The last step before this can be put in motion is removing last manc snipers
on bridge connecting RK and BK buildings. This is achieved by standing next to starting building and waiting
for magic stray balls to connect with cybers.

Successfully removing those cybers leaves only few obstacles left in the map. At this point you have small
degree of options about what to do next. The most obvious was using up the volatile vile still roaming under
BFG manc and repeating the entire bullet harvesting process. After that, the YK guarding cyber gets pistolled.
This order of things was chosen purely to minimise risk of all-ghost bugs, that can be triggered when you have
too many chainguns lying on the ground. After that, I use up the last vile for bullet harvesting. This vile 
has not been mentioned previously, because it's in an area I had no reason to visit so far. It's the area to
the left of exit section. There is a pond with blue armor that triggers a vile and two cacos when you approach
it. Leaving this vile deposited here for the majority of time seemed like the most sensible approach, since 
there is one blue armor and two green armors available around the map that can be utilised meanwhile and you 
don't need to deal with third freeroamer. Luring the vile from there to the bullet factory turned out far more
dangerous than I had hoped for. I had a stupid idea to lure some barons to take out revenant turrets and they
ended up dying right in the path of this vile. I was super lucky that I managed to navigate this vile through
the field of corpses without anything horrible happenning. Those two cacos are also a nuisance, as they can end
up anywhere and sneak up on you when you least expect it. Also, this section with blue armor pond houses the 
last arachnotron, which I usually just pistol out, but this time he somehow managed to infight exit cyber somehow.

The final part is YK building itself. It's the second and last sudden-death bit. You can slowly chip away at few
monsters in plain view, but eventually you have to press the button that moves up the entire floor, making this
a cut-off section that you need to work through to get out of. I punched two revenants through boxes before I 
pressed this button, which makes this section slightly more reliable. Once you ascend, there are 2 HK pairs on 
each end of the building, a manc in the middle section and few additional icy rooms with some additional guys.
I opted to clean out the leftmost room first, making a stationary manc infight the HK pair and few imps on the
ground level. Then I proceed to take out all HKs and rightmost icy section with few imps and a rev. Nothing that
would imply sudden-death so far. Well, the problem is the middle. As you approach it, a cyber teleports in there.
The room is basically claustrophobia hell, with very little maneuvering possible. To get out of this section, a
button behind this cyber must be pressed. This is the main problem, as pressing it leaves you in a vulnerable
spot and eating a rocket is way too likely. Simply shooting this guy out before you press the button is a bad 
idea, as 400 bullets may not be enough. Even if you do shoot him out, there is another problem. Pressing the that
button opens up an escape tunnel with 8 cacos. It's simply a must to get those cacos out and infight this guy.
So what I ended coming up with was less than satisfactory solution, but it managed to get the job done. I've 
mentioned a manc was also here in the middle section. Well, he is the solution. He can't squeeze through doors
to the left and right sections, but once you open up the middle, he can actually force himself up there, right
where this cyber teleports in. That's the whole idea - once he's up there, get the cyber teleported in and haul
your ass in a blitzkrieg fashion to the button and storm right out, wake up cacos, infighting, pisolling, get out.

Now as you're leaving, you'll notice a vile, some chaingunners and possibly some revenants in a building in front
of you catapulting some artillery at you. Do you remember the plasma gun platform with a revenant I briefly 
mentioned when talking about BK building? Those are the contents of an encounter that would teleport in if you
triggered it right there. Why are they teleported there now? Simple, the opening of the escape tunnel from YK 
leading back to the map is the same exact line that triggers this encounter. Which means that those 8 cacos can
be revealed when you grab this plasma gun. This is what I wanted to prevent by ignoring this encounter at first.
You don't want 8 cacos swarming around the map with no way to properly infight anything. As for the vile and the
rest of the company there, those are not a problem. You can even use this as another ammo harvesting site and 
further expand your chaingun manufacturing monopoly, although this side provides less yield and more risks, so
I opted to get the vile perforated as soon as I noticed it's eating some lead. I still wanted at least 10-15 guns
to reach the 400 for exit cyber, but it turned out just unnecessary, as it was already sufficiently fried at that
point. That's all folks, hope I didn't bore you to death with this littany, as it should only serve as an appetizer
to what you are about to endure if you are seriously about to be watching the demo.








 




  












